[00:00:00]
Hello everyone, welcome back to the channel. In our today's video, we're going to start building our baby mart e-commerce website. As you can see over here, we're going to have a particularly an application building uh using the react native. Then also we're going to have building the our client side application which going to using the nextJS and then we're going to having a uh for the admin portion which going to we're going to use the VJS to create that. We're going to having an API segment where we're going to use the NodeJS and the pure JavaScript over there. So if you are going to looking forward an overview for that I'm going to provide that link of this video in the description you can find everything related how we going to create that what kind of functionality it is there except the mobile version all are explaining there about the API about the dashboard about the client side so you can find everything there the most of it what we're going to do we're going to build this uh application like full entire structure in a four segment first one we're going to build is our server the first part going to contain the server Because without server we cannot perform

[00:01:00]
any kind of actions. Then we're going to create our client admin application where uh we can just upload the product and list things to be worked and then we're going to build our client side application bin nextJS then we're going to build our react native. So there should be a four part four segment and this all four segment going to come part by part. So first part we're going to bring our server in this today's video. Second part we're going to bring our admin. Third part we're going to bring our client and number four we're going to build our application and every part if I finish the server we're going to deploy it we're going to finish the ad we're going to deploy it so everything we're going to finish time to time right so what we're going to do we're going to start building so with me we're going to finish everything from tip toto and we're going to make that happen entirely so in our today's video we're going to start building our server and to start with first I'm going to share with you a repository link so this is a repository by which you can just uh this contain the entire code by which you can start with and a proper guideline and you can

[00:02:01]
see the babyart e-commerce platform and what kind of project is there and overview how we going to build this structure what are the technology stack we are using over here like the fountain back end and for the UI management and quick start guard line so everything is right here so that you can adapt it you can use it for having a proper understanding and why I build up this Because these things you better to make it an star mark here because this thing going to be always updated like every each and every single month I'm going to just come in there just toggle through the dependency and put everything in a right position. So this is the one which going to you need to have to start uh building this application just to have in your arsenal. If you doesn't have that follow through the videos we can just build this entirely without having those ideas. And also there should be an a client side property. So let's say kind dot and that should be I think we're going to just open the application. I think this is the one the link I'm going to provide in the

[00:03:00]
description which is the babyshop.reactivity.com reactivity.com which is uh like holding all the client side activities you can find over there and also there is that admin and babyshotreact.com which holding the admin directory you can just loging in if you have the credential that you can just see whatever and what what kind of structure we are just having here you can view all of those properties entirely in a very good fashion so first of all to build that we need to get this repository thing within our local machine how we can do that as you can see it's a public repository either you can clone it you can just go directly to fork it from here and and what I saying again requesting you is charm mark and of course there's a lot of people you are here around 85% people you are not subscribing the channel please do subscribe it going to help a lot for me to uh like encourage myself building some more stuff and also for my growth okay so I really impactful it will be for just your a single click

[00:04:00]
subscription it can do a lot more things for you and please do like the video if we are building something awesome and to do that you can also either way you can go download zip you can also open with a GitHub desktop and pretty much if you click on that it going to just automatically open directly within GitHub desktop and you can clone it so this is the one way and if you just want to go and like if you just want to clone that copy also you can use the same thing but I'm going to use that my GitHub desktop just to clone it so let's clone the repository story uh not like that. I'm going to just go with that. I think I have that. So should be baby mart uh baby mart yt. So should be baby mart yt. Okay. Still not finding. I need to refresh it. So now you can see so this the one which I will choose. I'm going to clone it directly within my uh local machine. So as you see it's clone and this is a bit of bigger because this have a four segment right here. So you're going to open it using my visual studio code. You can use any kind of

[00:05:00]
code like cursor or others. It it will be and very excellent just to open the project within that easily using that particular scenario. So from there you can see the structure there is a readme. So what we are actually accessing beforehand. So you can find all the details right here. Then we are going to having that for we're going to have the admin which the application is created just the simple packages and uh the all the configuration is done to build up with the shien and other same as with the client and also with the mobile app and also with the server. So we're going to open all by one by ones to see what kind of things we are happen to be there. If we put alice as you can see we are now happen to be there in our local server. So in is having in the main directory. Uh so be careful once you are putting an ls you must be seeing the directory otherwise you are having a problem. So we have admin client mobile app readme and the server. So let's go cd into admin and I'm going to make that npmi to install everything from there.

[00:06:00]
You can use either pnpm or you can use the bun or yarn doesn't matter if you're using any other except that npm just remove that package log.json file and then install everything that will be perfectly fine. And if you're cloning it, if you want that, no, I will just clone it myself. I'm not going to do and follow anything. You can just make a simple command that rm- rf.git. So, we're going to just remove that g credential from there. Then you can push it in your uh particular like own github repository and let's go cd into client and also I'm going to make npmi to install everything and then I'm going to go with that our server. Let's go CD into server and there should be npmi and one is pending which is the mobile app. This mobile app we are not going to fill it right now because this going to be entirely on we going to start building because you need you're going to learn a lot of things from there on we going to building structure directly. So this we're going to bring it later on. So right now as you can see our admin is

[00:07:01]
running. I'm going to just simply make that npm run to run it in localhost 5173 as we build it uh using the VJS. Okay, it's uh starting and also uh okay and also to run that I'm going to just make that npm run to start our server. So that's the server going to run. So I'm going to just open it 5173. So as you can see it will be nothing that much fancy here just a baby admin dashboard. You can just directly go in the admin and from here we have the ENV setup. What kind of credential we are needing. If you just remove everything from here your application going to be empty. So this is the file which is fitting everything. Just providing you an overview. So that's it. So you got the idea that we have a basic structure to start with. Similarly for the server if we just go in to open up that localhost 8,000 here. So this is our server and

[00:08:00]
for uh especially for the server as you can see just a little bit documentation here just so that you can go and understand a bit about that and also for the client is going to be a little bit heavy okay if we just make that npm runde so that will open in a local host 3000 which actually happen to be in our client side and if you just go roll back to our admin portion as you can see that's the same proportion of the things which are building to make you understand that what kind of facilitating or what kind of uh like materials you're going to build by. So for just providing an overview so that you can understand it better and if you view that one same thing same like the admin just providing an overview how you going to start like admin client and back end. So this is just uh let you understand what kind of things we're going to building by so far. So our first priority is to start building our server. So this our server proportion we're going to start building and in the server as you see we're going to having

[00:09:01]
to happen to use to bring our credential here which going to provide that uhv and we're going to having the bold we're going to having the uri because we're going to using the mongodv we're going to having the jwt secret stripe secret key stripe web secret cloudinary cloud name api key secret key and possibly we're going to having our admin URL client URL and when in whenever we're going to round up in our production we're going to also passing that our production server URL. So this is our server specific scenario and right now if we go in our local host uh 8. So in the server first I'm going to provide what kind of things we're going to build in the server as you can see whenever we are log our user also going to be happen to be uh stored in our MongoDB. So everything going to be handled from there. So all this data going to coming from our API. So we're going to build everything such a major that you can understand that it going to build in a very very solid way. To start with we have that index.js file. So this

[00:10:02]
is the file and there is lot of things you're going to find by so far by default is providing to you. We already start using the expressb error handler which we using that error middle handler. If you just go the middleware and you can see we are also shaping how the error going to handle how the status code going to handle and same way how the old middleware going to work how it going to protect and also how it going to decipher of the admin request and others. So this is the same thing which we build up we just provide that to you so that and of course once we are going to using that one we're going to explain everything in the email service setup is there but right now in this application we are not going to using the email setup because uh already it's going to be a long video like long project because for setup going to things going to be there so I'm not going to hang it with that then we're going to also having the generate token we're going to use that. So right now let's start building our application. So first uh we need to provide that our env

[00:11:01]
right for the andv we first we need to provide that our MongoDB URI and that JWT secret and for the JWT secret I'm going to just go directly in our token generator. So token generator.brev.com from here you can easily generate a token. So as you can see I'm going to generate a JWT secret. So it's just going to generate that one. Let's generate you can make it bigger if you wanted to. I don't want to provide the name. I'll just go with the sub credential like that. I'm going to copy that. I will use that wholesome amount. So I want it to be bigger. Okay. Now you can use any kind of secret. It's simple. It can work for you. Like if you can remove that. So this is the three category which must needed be. And also you can just simply uh make any kind of like SSH key. You can just generate from this website pretty simply. And also by the way you can also decode like whatever code I uh generate I can decode I can get the value. So this is a tiny bit of website which can really help you to go and work with that. So feel free

[00:12:00]
to use it and if you are finding it really helpful you are always can make me provide a coffee that would be a much more appreciate if you do so. The link it will be in the description so find it and also here you can find the video like uh what kind of things we are building. you can get all the data like if you just open that that will provide you an structural description about what we are going to make it so far. So after that we need to set up our MongoDB right. So we're going to directly go in our MongoDB.com and on that MongoDB either you should happen to be like open an account or you can simply get started to register. So what I'm going to do I'm already having an account and on that account I'm going to directly go with using my Google to sign up. I just use my Google account to login in that's MongoDB. And by the way if you are looking for the source code of that project you can still finding that here in especially for that buy me a coffee you can directly go in the shop

[00:13:01]
and on the shop you can find this is the project which holding every single good there. So you can directly purchase here and you just everything is right there all the setup all that uh like readmi amplif file and setup amplif file everything there to let you do it just you need to provide that credentials all the code going to working perfectly fine we already tested by so far so you can find each and every single segment all the responsiveness everything going to work if you want it you can just get it from there so right now our first thing is that to provide especially our MongoDB credentials So to do that uh as we are logged in you're going to come back right here. So this is the tab where you can see the brow uh browse your collection. So first thing is that you need to go directly in your network access and that one if is not in that 0.0.0.0/zero because by default it can be accessing your current IP then remove the current IP you can use that one. So you can access it from anywhere right? So make

[00:14:01]
sure you are doing that. Then you need to also set one more thing which going to be that database access. So as you can see I'm already having a user. So you may not have any user. So you just need to create add new database user. And from there it going to create the password. So I'm going to make that baby mart uh yt. So I'm going to go with the similar fashion for the password and keep the password simple with the text and number because otherwise is connecting it can having some minor error. So never try to copy paste whatever the credentials I'm using right here. It will not help you. It will not work but it can open a flag for me that just a warning that somebody is using which is not a good things to have. So please don't use that. So this is the credential which going to have and after that also you can just use your like uh autogenerate secure key. As you can see it's also using the number pattern. You can just use that one too but I'm going to use that one the simple one. And if

[00:15:00]
you want also keep the user description for me it's okay and be make sure you add a built-in role and from there I'm going to use that now you can make that atlast admin which having to do everything with an account you can read and write to my any database or read uh only read any database I'm going to make that as an atlast admin so it can do each and every single uh separate every single actions from there let's add user so now I'm having a user for the baby mt let's directly go to our cluster over here. So this is the one which holding everything and as you see it's just uh refreshing on that because we are setting up a new user. So it going to just uh let it be a little bit of time till it get green and as you see not green just that loading is disappear. I'm going to click on that connect tab and here I'm going to use that compass and from the compass I don't have MongoDB compass installed. So I can now copy this code from there. And then after copying this code, I'm directly going to go within my application. I'm

[00:16:01]
going to paste that one or I'm going to just make a string over here. Paste that one right here. So this is the MongoDB credential which I'm going to follow through. And also what I'm going to do is it's just going to set on the particular clusters. So I'm going to just provide it a little bit of let's say that should be so that's the username and DB name. So what I need to do I'm going to make that a baby mart yt which is the username and also the same password of that baby mart yt and after that if I don't put anything there it going to just simply set that one or save that one as a test database. I don't want to be as a test. So if you directly go in my browse collection, I already having one collection here which is for my like for my Bangla channel which is the uh YT baby shop. So here I'm going to make a different collection. So the collection name it

[00:17:00]
should be let's say baby mart YT. So this is the collection which it going to access and from there what I want it to be retray right should be true and majority and app name one. So I'm going to just providing it a permission so it can read and write within my database. That's it. So that should analyze a proper connection within my database scenario. So if I go directly here right now I'm going to make that local host 8,000 and especially without going for directly over here like as you can see you can go like that but this is not a good practice every time like you can just render it directly from there but what I recommend is using that postman you can use any other platform to use that one but postman what I feel uh really useful on that and on that platform uh on on the postman as you can see the collection here and also So in that collection we can just create a new collection. So I'm just going to create a new blank collection here and I'm

[00:18:01]
going to provide the name of that. I'm just going to provide that name should be baby mart yty. So this is my new collection and on that collection what I'm going to do is a simple way uh I can just make in the baby mart I'm going to just copy like click on that three dot I'm going to add a request and that should be a test request. let's say home route. Okay. So I'm going to I'm going to make everything as a camel case not uh snake case or other. So here what we can do right now as you see where our application is running we can simply go copy that and simply paste it here and hit enter. So that you can find that uh response is 200 and everything is to be done. So as you can see especially over here I don't know why the sign is this one is coming. There should be baby M. Okay, because when I was generating I was keeping it name as a baby shop but later on I changed that it should be the baby mark that would really be inconsiderable. So here as you can see

[00:19:02]
you can get the details but for now over here I'm going to just simply make that a simple resolution here. So let's just uh uh rest. send I'm going to just simply pass that and on that message I'm going to pass that server is saying hello. Okay, if I just hit enter I'm going to find the message key server is saying hello. So this is the server which actually helping and also you can measure your health about that error handling about that and also the port. So uh this one uh no need to have this much. So I'm going to just provide that uh API server is running. So I'm going to I'm going to just need that console. Other console I'm going to just remove it which is not reco right now. I just keep it for the testing purposes so that you can uh easily use it if you are looking forward to. So just remove it clean face. So now as you

[00:20:02]
can see API server is running. Okay good. So what we need to do as you can see here uh especially in that index.js JS file there should be coming a lot of lot of other parameter. So our first parameter we need to use to bring one user here so that we can now start pouring the data set and others. So I'm going to cop I'm going to close it. I'm going to close it too. I'm going to make it little bit uh smaller here so that we can work with that easily. We need to create the route. Then we need to also initialize our database sector so that we can have every single thing to be done directly there. So first of all what we're going to do we're going to implement our MongoDB structure so that we can connect our MongoDB. As you can see the connect database structure going to be there. So what we're going to do we're going to initially make this config directory here. As you can see we have the setup for the cloudinary. We have the setup for DB config for the database configuration. We have that for the swagger configuration by which the

[00:21:02]
swagger going to happen which uh also you can initialize that documentation about how the documentation going to read every single thing is just written for you there. So you just need to implement the setup and it will work perfectly fine. Now our first initial task is that connecting our database. So how we can see if you see in the DB uh we are using that mongus from the mongus as you can see also in the packages this is already installed the dependency here so you can simply find it right here. Now after importing it we are connecting here creating a MongoDB connection using that mongo.mongos.connect and we are just passing that process. URI that's why we need to provide that URI right here otherwise it can't access and then if it's connected we are actually console logging that or you can either connected the host name or I'm going to just make it simple. I'm going to just pass that as let's say I'm going to just make that

[00:22:03]
database is connected or DB is connected. That's the way you prefer. If you're having the error, we're going to just simply log the error and the process going to be accessed from there and that's it. So now let's go in our index. After that list of that comment, we can simply uh bring the function which going to connect our database. So we're going to make that connect DB and if this import is working for the DBJS most probably it will not come as JS it going to coming like DB. So if it's coming like DB you need to import that JS also. So now if everything working as you can see API is running. So that is the database also going to connect. You can see it's making that bad old authentication is fail. So means we having some problem. Our database is not working properly. So I'm going to just go and ensure that for the database access uh we are having that baby mart

[00:23:00]
yt I think that this is the password which we use baby mart yt and also the baby oh there there is the t is missing you see that so that t need to be there so that was the problem so I'm going to come and index I'm going to save again so that this time I believe the connection going to work so let's see let's see 1 2 3 4 Okay, database is connected now. Right now supposed to be uh not happen to be anything but we're going to see if this can access any kind of actions. No, it will not access right now. Once you're going to hit directly there, it going to access. So now our database is working perfectly fine. So how we can create a user? So basically what we're going to do we're going to use our code base and use our this uh for our postman to perform each and every single task. Why we're doing that because we're going to think about like a backend engineer who who doesn't have an access in the front end design and other parameter. We know the backend

[00:24:01]
structure. So we're going to create the backend structure as a backend developer. Right? So first of all we need to create our route. So this is the route going to happen to be make everything uh to uh make in a proper delegation also as you can see for that uh uh course origin is just right here. So for the cross contamination it will not happen to be to you and also app do use. So this is the one is using we also having the debug middleware for all the routes. And right now what we going to have we need to create our entire route setup. So what we're going to do is that first of all we're going to create our route setup. So our first route going to be I'm going to make that as app dot use and that use method we're going to use that for/ API for slash that should be the o route and we need to create that o route. So to create the o route I'm going to go and access especially our it doesn't have a route directory here. I'm going to create a new folder or

[00:25:01]
directory which going to be named as routes. So in that route parameter we're going to create our file which going to have our assay O route. So I'm going to create a new file. This should be O route. Uh I'm going to make it as camel case to o route.js and there should be multiple route should be browse.js. Now over here we need to import express to generate that one. So import express from it should be coming from the express. And over here we're going to make this simply that con router should be is equal to express dot and that will access that router to build the route structure done. And also we're going to make that export uh export default and that should uh render our router directly there. So also you can simply come in here and also you can just import that out routes

[00:26:00]
out routes. So right now I think first instance it will not directly come in there. So I'm going to just import it here. So let's say all the rout going to come here. So import rouse from uh that should be coming from I think oh sorry uh should be from and that should be coming like on a single dot and the rout and here.js. So this is the one which going to handle our route. Now if we just come in the out route we can simply pass that simp a simple method simple mechanism by which we can uh maintain that yes our route is working that everything going fine. So what I'm going to make router dot I'm going to make a get method just to see is working and that should be coming as login just make that we're going to change later on response. So from here I'm going to pass that rest do send let's say uh login is working. Okay the

[00:27:03]
simple just a login method. So of course it will not be a get method. It should be a post method but we're going to modify it later on. Over here as you can see uh we have that localhost 8000. We're going to just go directly with another route local host 8000. Remember the way we created our API we are just uh passing that directly here using that for/ API for/ right so after that focalost 8000 you need to provide that for/ API/ and after that that should be our login so if we hit enter and as you can see login is working means our route is performing the task in proper way so we can now go structurizing our data and others. Now as it happened to be working perfectly fine, we're going to create or implement the full setup the full module the way it will work. So now this method it will not be a get method it would be

[00:28:02]
a post method right as the login method going to be substantially for happen to be a post mechanism. So that should be let's say login user. So uh actually first one is better to create the user but anyway or we can instead of login I'm going to just keep it same uh for right now I'm going to keep it same uh that should be we are not login we're going to create first this at the register user so that should be our first route and of course it would be a post method here and what we going to do instead of login it would be a register mechanism right so that should be our first route if we click right here it will find an error because that route would not be found. So I'm going to just comment that our login first we're going to create our register route by which we can bring back our register setup right and to do that what we need to do I'm going to comment each and every single route so should be uh let's say it should be login route and here it going to come

[00:29:04]
register route so what kind of things going to happen having in this register route router dot is should be a post method And over here it should be coming forward/register and on that register we're going to make that a register user. So this kind of functionality we're going to decipher to build it in a separate conception because this is the file where we're going to put all the route setup right now if you are familiar with especially for that next year build up you know we can we can uh create that server right here but we are separating each and everything because uh this route going to also passing the data directly to our database for our mobile application and others. So we're going to build up a perfect structure of database not just a manipulating or just a simple data structure but a proper and a perfect structure of database which you can use it anywhere wherever you're looking forward to and so that what we can do we're going to create a middleware right

[00:30:02]
so that that is the middleware which going to have help us to bring back everything so this is the o middleware setup by which we can no sorry not the middleware uh we are going to make that controllers Right. So the controller is going to happen to be uh bring like hold all of the controlling like all the functions whatever the route configuration going to work all things going to be passing in our controller. So I'm going to create a controllers directory over here. I'm going to create a simple file which would be controllers dot or that should be controller a single controller which going to happen to be make things right. So this is the controller which going to do everything to go and pass by. So it will be a simple function. So that should be a register controller uh register R I register user. Over here you're going to just simply make a register uh user function. So let's say register user and that function should be coming from

[00:31:01]
async handler. Now first of all if I just go in our packages do we have that as sync handler uh express async handler? Yes we do have async handler. Now you can simply search in uh the package manager to just to find that library here express handler. If we just go here and let's say if we go in the npm and by the way whatever the packages see for the running the application which is already configured you can see we are running using the uh for especially for the dep we are using the node one. So our server is keep on running it's not a finish yet like if we use uh the node only instead of node one node and one time running it will just stop because of the node one it's not stopping it continuously running that find more about that using that just go through that node documentation you can find a better understanding over there and now why we're going to use that express async handler with a simple middleware for handling exceptions inside of async express routes and

[00:32:02]
passing them to your space error handlers. So this is the simple way we can handle all of our error using that simple mechanism of that handler. Now to do the other setup what we going to do in the controllers for the register user we're going to happen to build those entire things. First of all we're going to use that as sync handler and over here there should be an async mechanism because remember we're going to register our user in the database. So there should be a downtime till the server is making us the time out. So we need to wait in a specific moment to set the things in our server. So that's why we will make that a sync and await if because Java is keep working just a single credit language. So if you didn't put that as sync a wait it will just hit and run which is not we want we want to save the user in our database. Now over here we're going to make that con which going to coming to a name coming to an or I'm going to get nothing right here. I'm going to simply just log over here.

[00:33:01]
Let's say I'm going to make that uh I'm going to just simply make request rag and here rag dot body whatever passing in the body. Right. So this is this would be a simple uh parameter by which we can just pass that. Let's say rest dot send. We're going to just pass in a uh status or I think uh we can just simply pass that rest do status. Right now I'm going to just pass a status of 200 that everything is good and from the status I'm going to pass a JSON and over in the JSON I'm going to pass the message. Let's say over here uh I'm going to make that uh saying register register route is working. working. So and also we need to export that export or you can either make default or simply you don't need to make the default you can just simply make that as register user or if you don't want to export from there you can directly export from there

[00:34:01]
also but what I love that to export in a single instances so I know if I am having any extra credential there so export user and as you can see that's just passing that controller here that should be happen to be ocontroller dot js file Okay. So right now everything is working perfectly fine. So whatever we're going to passing in our request body if I put register as you can see register route is working but we request is undefined. We didn't receive anything because we have no data accordingly. Right now to create a user what kind of data we going to pass right? So we need to bring back the user right. So for having that particular user what kind of data field that user is requesting. So we're going to pass that using that params over here. A user should have a name. Let's say I'm going to provide my name and uh you can either pass that param or you can directly go with the JSON. We're going to try in both way. I think uh it will work for if we go in

[00:35:01]
the register. Uh let's see. No, it will not we need to pass that as a JSON parameter. So it will not work like that. So from here I'm going to go in our let's say in the body and from there I'm going to choose that uh like a none or I can go with the raw body and from the row I'm going to choose as JSON data structure. So I'm going to pass everything as a JSON format and to do that first of all I'm going to pass that as an object. So first I'm going to provide the name. So on that name I'm going to provide the name as my name and then I'm going to provide an email that's just a simple email over there and then every user should have a password right. So password let's just put that I'm going to make it a stringify password not just a number password. So let's say 3 4 5 6 7 8. So that's the password we're going to provide. And every user should also have a role. So by default way all the user should be happen to be role as not admin but user. I'm going to provide that role as a user role and then uh also we can

[00:36:03]
set the user address right now for the registration whenever you are registering a user right now if you just go back in our uh let's say uh in our client side application as you can find it when we are registering a new user uh so as you can see sign up in the sign up we are not holding to be providing the user address it's not a good practice so what we are doing we're getting the name we're getting the first name last name we are also accessing those thing. We're getting the email and because that's the name going to concate and providing the name right then we are just getting the password role by default role or we can access any role then sign up. So what we can do to initialize that data for the empty address and others we can just access that from the like the database we can just pass from there whatever we want. So right now if I set hit enter and as you can see I can now access in the request name email password role. So that's the same thing which we are

[00:37:00]
looking forward to. So what I'm going to do uh instead of passing directly here we instead of as you can see this is coming just an object right. So we can simply make that we can just dstructure the object from the rag.body body and request body what as we are using that uh JavaScript it will not suggest anything like what's the typ script is building and after the after this project we're going to happen to be working another project and that would be built entirely with the typest script there you're going to find how you can build that structure like server structure using typ script which is blazing first and also uh it will let you do less error so we're going to build up next on that so we're going to get the name we're going to get the email we're going to get the password and also you're going to get the role. So this is the entire structure going to coming from our structure of there. So right now we also going to like whenever we're going to setting the name of that but as you can see we started building the process but but if we directly go in

[00:38:01]
our mongus so let's say uh mongus uh if we directly go in the mongus over here and their documentation mongus is going to working like a model so every single setup like every data structure as you can see here I'm passing that ID email password about a role this is just a model so somewhere in the model we need to provide that those things going to explain that what it's just kind a definition of the product so what we are saying user but what a user look alike so that's what we need to define here so what I'm going to do I'm going to create a new directory here which going to be simply pass our let's say it should be all the models going to be entering here first one one should be our user model js so this we're going to create that. So import and uh I'm going to just make that mongus from mongus and over here let's say we're going to pass that user schema that should be coming from mongus

[00:39:01]
schema mongus dot schema. So let's say schema here within the function we're going to pass the object. Now over here there should be a multiple scenario first of all we're going to define how our a user so I'm going to just enclose others. So a user going to have a name which going to type is a string and required is true. So a user must have a name. Then also a user must uh type is a string and require true and like how we going to decipher a a single user. So a single user going to decipher not by using an username and others but according to the email like with a single email you can just create a single user in my application or you can just also passing that using other parameter like to make it username or you can man manually create the username making your own identity but I'm not going to handle that we're going to make that email as a unique and the password also type a string require true so be make sure are you making that require

[00:40:01]
true if not making require true then it going to access in some other portion and after that and now why I am just copy pasting that one this can be a good question to you I'm just trying to consume the type time a bit you can just pause the video or you can just wait a bit and you can type those things you know this very simple to go with that so first then we a user going to have an avatar which is type is a string now default value I'm going to provide a default image so this is the default later we will be having the functionality by which we can use like upload the user using that cloudinary right we we can we going to do that later on by which we can access those then we're going to having also a role which going to type a string and a nam of that role we're going to having the admin user delivery man so we know what kind of roles it going to set default going to passing that as user and after that we're going to also having a certain kind of scenario right now so that should be passing an address A user

[00:41:01]
must happen to be have to address as you can see user having address for like as you can see it's an array of address having the wish list arrow of wish list a card item arrow of card so also going to happen to be get the orders and others we're going to foring all of those things so address we're going to having the street number which going to be type string require true we having the city string required true we having the country postal code and is default either is it true or not like we're going to having a multiple address scenario. So whatever the default one and whatever note we can mention by this segment and for the other parameter we going to also passing that wish list and others. So this is the address and here uh also for the for like uh the wish list we're going to bring it later on wish list and after that also we're going to bring our card because remember a card going to be accessing our product scenario the product data going to handle there. So

[00:42:00]
we cannot directly inject it right here and that's also going to contain our time stamp. So let's say timestamp going to be passing that let's say timestamps is it going to be working here is supposed to be here but why is not okay I think it will not make that time jmps going to be true. Okay so this is accessing that uh the user schema and right now we are not going to access any other thing. We're going to just simply pass that con user. So user is equal to mongos dot model and from there we're going to pass simply the user and the user going to having that user schema right and from there we're going to just simply export default and that should be our user. So wherever now we are needing that user we can simply access that schema there. We can pass that. Now the wish list card and also the orders other d that are going to fill up later on on we going to passing that also it going

[00:43:00]
to coming up let's say it going to also pass the order so you know a user order you're going to access that one also here so right now uh as it's working right here so we can set the controller such a way so that it can measure on that now first of all as you can see a user registration must require like uh whenever a user is registered we will not let them register Again we can let pass them a message that you have an user you user is already exist just go back to login. So we can now simply take an object user exist exist. So this going to hold to pass that if the user is available or not. We're going to await on that. Then we're going to just simply go in our database over here. Of course you can see right now you need to put that JS to go hold an user model. And over here we can as you see we have one unique proportion is that find one where we going to pass that simply our email. So we have the

[00:44:00]
email is unique according to the email we can get the user directly. So now we can pass logic if the user exist what we want we want restaurant status to be sent as a 400. Okay. And also we can uh either simply throw an error or also you can pass simply a dot JSON file by which we can go that. So we can just it's up to you how you want it to. So what I'm going to do I'm going to process that through an error. So this whatever mechanism you're looking forward you can use that and that should be throwing a new error and the error going to be saying that user let's say user already exist try login that's it. So if the user exist it going to pass that method. So what's going to happen if we doesn't have that like we are we are not happen to be that user existed that's particularly coming a new user. So const we're going to simply take an object as user. So that should be await and we're

[00:45:00]
going to user dot we're going to use that create method and that's the just a mongodb accessories that's the how is going to work. So first of all we're going to create a user using the name using the email using that password and using whatever the role is we are providing and then we are going to passing an object called an address. Remember why we need that in the user model you can see we provide that address. So that's the address going to be street, city, country, postal code is default. This is not like mandatory. You can skip that. It will work. But what we really need is that to provide such a dimension. So every user can have that. So this is the way we can combine. We have the name, email, password, role, address. Right? And now if we are having the users, I'm going to remove this one because now we're going to provide a proper uh method. So if the user is created, so this is the method which providing the user. If user is created,

[00:46:00]
there should be rest status and we're going to provide status of 201. And we make sure to search in the Google HTTP uh good of 201. So let's see what kind of things is it just returning from there. Uh okay. Uh yeah as you can see the status code 201 indicates that the client's request was successful and a new resource has been created on the server. So you can simply search those things and find an answer. So I don't want to go and explain each and every single time. Now we're going to pass the JSON. In that JSON we're going to return some of data. So we're going to return keep that underscore ID. Why underscore ID? Because whenever you're going to create a create a document especially in MongoDB it's automatically binding an ID with that underscore id. So I want that to be similar on that whenever you're going to supporting the client and the id should be user id because the user is created right. So this is how it going to access the things to be there. So what we going to do we're going to

[00:47:01]
access the other parameter. So user should have an id user id name should be coming as the username. Email should be user and that's the new user which we created. You can keep it as a you can also call it a new user or user that's up to you just an object and which going to receiving return value of that. Right. So then we're going to having the avatar role and user address. Okay. So this as you can see after if we can also pass them an else method if we are having that problem. rest status and in this status we're going to provide a 400 method because the error is providing and let's say throw new error and the error going to contain let's say invalid uh user data okay fine now what we can happen what we can get actually if we create click on that we're supposed to get that a user right so let's say click there and right now as You can see we're

[00:48:01]
having that ID directly from the MongoDB. We're having the name, email, avatar is there, user and address. So let's go here and I'm going to refresh that entire structure. So let's see what we are going to receive from there. And as you can see at the top, baby mart y is right here and this is the user data which is coming by so far. And here you can see we have the name, we have id, name, email, password about a role address created at. But as you can see the password this is not a good deal to keep the password like that, right? But here as you can see in our other one our password is encrypted. So what we need to do is to make an encryption on our data. So user data cannot be accessed from anywhere. So I'm going to just delete that one. So now we going to access to create other parameter in that user model. we can simply decipher how it can be either you can do in the model also you can do in the controller but as you can see we are having a lot of things in the controller so I'm going to

[00:49:01]
provide something here in that u uh model to be handal so now after using that as you can see before passing that one directly here we will uh make some of the combination which going to pass that let's say it will match user enter password to let's say should be hashed uh password in database one should be matching that password another it will encrypting the password right so I'm going to just simply pass the two so one whenever you going to you see whenever uh this this mechanism is require especially you are just getting that password in there but whenever you are register like login method is happening But right now we are not going to match that one as we are not having the login mechanism here. It's just registering the user. So what we need here encrypting the password. So

[00:50:00]
we're going to simply pass that user schema dot pre. On that pre method we're going to simply pass that save. So before saving that we will just create an async function over here. So async function and on that function we're going to pass a validator which going to be extracting the next mechanism. And from there if let's say if this dot is modified let's say is modified and from there if the password is coming so let's say password and over here we going to simply pass that next okay so if the password is not is modified then simply it going to do the other action and after that we can simply pass that con salt let's say salt should be is equal to we need to use that brick js to make that things to be happen. So we're going to use that brick So let's say in the package if we are going to happen to be passed big yet. So this is the brick cry js I think. Yeah we are having that. So we need to import that one at the top. So

[00:51:01]
it should be coming let's say import uh brypt from brick.js JS and right now if you go back to the package if you are just not passing that as you can see in our uh type we are having the module that's why we can directly import like that if it's in common you need to just make con singularly like that con uh from or not from it should be require then you need to pass that. So this how it going to work but right now as we're using the module so it we can simply just pass directly like that. So now over here what we're going to pass directly is that brick crypt dot we're going to simply uh use that gen salt and we're going to pass a 10 gen salt feel free to read the documentation about how the salt is working how the things is passing like that. So this dot we're going to just post the uh like put the password on that should be await and then we're going to pass that brypt do

[00:52:00]
hash and from there we're going to simply pass that this dot whatever the password we are passing and then we're going to simply pass the s. So this how going to combine those everything in real time and also we need to make one more setup is that we need to ensure only one address is default because whenever user having address like it can have a 45 address one address should be a default address which they can whenever user going to the card automatically that will be set but so I can just pass you a demo over here let's say I'm going to just uh log in and from there I'm going to go with my account right here directly. Okay, I think the password may be like that. Okay. So right now if we just directly go in over here as you can see we have our address. So over here uh I think there yeah if we just cut that you see this

[00:53:01]
the default address. So this user can have multiple address. I don't know if uh this having the access or not. So this is the add address parameter. So let's say uh see it uh no there is some problem with that because this is in live I need to like make some configuration by which I just stop because lot of request coming and my database is getting full. So I'm just stopping that one here also. Uh by the way we can simply pass that uh okay I think something is wrong in my preparation here. Uh okay if we go back here yeah right now it will work. Okay as you can see over here if we directly go in the proceed to check out I think yeah uh from there I can easily add a new password here. So let's say I think 245 over here 245 and then uh taka and also okay add address uh okay I think I need to work on that.

[00:54:00]
Yeah I I think I stopped the database to populate. So just as you can see that would be one would be default there will be another address which and there should not be default to address only single address can be default. So that's the one we need to ensure over here. So what we're going to do user schema and same thing if you are finding any error let me know in the comments because then I'm going to fix that. I'm going to pass that error like for the especially for that address mechanism. I'm going to fix that because I just removed some things to be entered there either because uh a lot of requests going to coming in the database which can cost money. So I stop some of the parameter to be populate data from there. So same before is saving I want to access that and over here again simply I'm going to create that function and that function going to populate the next parameter and over there what we going to do we're going to just simply pass that we're going to pass a simple mechanism here. So we're going to pass that if pre is modified and addresses then it going to passing the default

[00:55:01]
address. So the this do addresses you're going to find that is default should be passing that as a default address. So if is default so then it going to just go in that make the default. So first one if is a default address is not there then it going to set otherwise it going to make false and then we're going to pass that as the next parameter. So right now what we going to happen if we just go directly within our firstman over here and of course come in the index make every load like save the data and it will automatically load. If we just go and make send that user going to create again in MongoDB. So uh illegal arguments string object ST illegal arguments. Okay, there is something we did wrong and what it could be. So this is our browse. This is our insert model. I think something we have been missing here. So okay I think also you will just provide

[00:56:00]
that one just to pre-shatch the data like user methods of match password it can also go with that bitcompar so that method can inject now this time if we try okay internal error so I'm going to just and close that and let's say npm runde to rerun again I don't know what's the wrong here so this is the big cryj so if I just go and manipulate that whole other thing let's say I'm going to just provide like that is it going to work uh okay this is going to saving okay fine so this save again and I'm going to use a different email this time we try okay illegal arguments string object function so the server index file server okay we are having some of the problem what we installed installed here we have the bryjs right so that's supposed to work so in the package we are also

[00:57:01]
having the big cryjs so let's see what kind of things we need to modify the problem is not for the first mechanism here the problem I believe is that remember we making the salt right now over here as you can see the same parameter is happening we didn't use the await so it's not waiting till the salt is creating because we are not like by default you can create also like you can encrypt your password by your own all the method is there in the NodeJS but you know we're not handling so many things as the brypt is providing the data so we can make the brypt data property now then also happen to be hosted in a server so what we are doing we are getting the source value where we are hitting in the big crypt mechanism and we need to wait till the result is coming so now if we try and that time we should be able to get as you can see user is created so let's go back in our MongoDB and refresh again. So here it going to populate two uh so

[00:58:00]
first one I'm going to remove because it's just created uh just to testify for that and this one as you can see we have the ID name email password avatar role we have the address array and the good thing is that we have the password which we can't inject like that. So right now even your database is compromised. Nobody can find your user email or like address and can't access that one right that's a good things to be implemented like that way. So let's go there and try to create the same thing again. As you can see bad request user already exist and as you can see here we are implementing such a way our server is not dropped right even we are requesting getting a 400 like a bad request but server is okay it's because we are managing with the async handler all the error properties so I'm going to go try to make that with the previous one and that time again the two user we are having that so good thing is that we are got that point so now we need to create a login mechanism right so let's go back to the out route. So we have one post

[00:59:00]
mechanism by which we are creating our out. So user model I think this match user enter password is hashed or password in database. We can also uh populate that one that should be a good one. So we're going to pass simply pass that. So to do that it can be simply just go with that user schema because that's way we can simply call in the login we can call that mechanism because both model going to access this same thing. So it going to pass that user schema.mmatals domatch password. If it's there enter password it going to take that value and then it going to compare with that enter password then it going to pass that true. So right now what we're going to do we're going to let's go back to our out route here. So in the out route we as we did for our especially for our login register is done. So right now I think I'm going to bring it back below the login. So here it going to be our route for our register. So let's say that should be router dot again the post method and the

[01:00:01]
post method going to be login and here it going to get that uh login user. So that also be a function in the out controller which we are going to create right now and what kind of things it going to decipher on that especially so this is our register. So I'm going to just concat that and here it going to be login user. So in that simply create a function which going to be a login user and again that should be similar using the async handler and over here it going to get that async mechanism let's get a ri and request and response and now feel free that you are doing a very very fantastic job without any AI without doing any other mamoju you are purely coding AI can provide you that but we need to understand the mechanism how the things can do how the things can really aligning it all together when you understand the proper mechanism you can build anything and AI can help you in in

[01:01:00]
my next project I'm going to build an entire segment using AI which just we're going to do by and we're going to build up a lot of things together okay so no worries we're going to build that very shortly so right now what we're going to do for the local user it would be simple similar way we're going to make that and we're going to simply pass that email and password from layer and that should be rag.body body and over here what we going to do either you can also put a weight if you want if you wanted to but it will not do such kind of parameter it's already handling that so you can also make that await if you wanted to so no worries for that now what we going to do we're going to simply make that login just to see we're going to simply pass that login attempt right just to see what is coming and over here we're going to just uh pass that email if uh that email is requesting or not. And then we're going to just simply pass that rest dot status. And on that status going to pass 200.json

[01:02:01]
and over here we're going to pass a message. Let's say the message should be login. I hate it. Okay. So here it would be a login user and we need to import that one. Uh not import yeah we need to import that one right here. Login user for the controller login user. So as we are having that one as the registered then we I'm going to just go and make a duplicate one. So that route is register. So that one going to be a login. So let's say it going to be login user. So on that instead of register we simply going to pass the login and over here in that body instead of I'm not needing that name I'm not needing that role. Right? So we just need that need to be happen to be providing that email and password. So that's it send and as you can see login hits and over here we can pass the email. So our attempt is okay. We know we are we did a perfect

[01:03:01]
job. Our route is working. Now we're going to build this structure. First of all once we hit we need to get back our user is equal to await and we're going to pass that user one. So we can for user dotfind one we can make that mechanism this already we did that right we are finding using the email for the existing user the same thing we are uh dealing right here too. So after using that email now we also need to do some of the thing if we have the user and and after user we also going to make that await and there user dot remember the match password we are having that so that's the one we are we are now going to implement whenever user do match password is just passing with the password remember the model which we are passing you see the match password so that's the method it going to access B make sure So the name should be the similar of that otherwise you're going to find a very very fantastic error. So

[01:04:00]
if the user is available and user the password is match then we're going to pass that let's say response.json we're going to shoot from there and also you can make the status you're going to pass the status to do the things in a very very good way. Uh I think where the error is coming something I'm maybe missing. Let's say I'm going to I'm going to do it again. So uh user so we have the user and and okay that should be here I I will just one one close together. So rest JSON I can pass the status or you can say rest status status pass the status at 200 and then passing the JSON here. So in the JSON data we can provide the data whatever the data we are looking forward to. Remember we're going to we're going to pass that ID should be user id name username email user email about her user about her role user role. Now you can simply pass that user directly it will work. No worries if you're directly passing like instead of passing that

[01:05:01]
object here right in the object you are simply passing your user it will work too. But the problem is now you can concate a message you can pass because here we will pass a token. Okay later on we will pass the token. According the token we can set the user in our local storage right so if we have user we're going to do that if we doesn't have the user we will pass the status code which going to be happening to be a 400 and we are going to throw a new error and the error uh sorry error uh error and the error should be passing that invalid email or password that's it so now let's go back here so if we try And here as you can see we should be receiving the data. Now you can see we are having the ID we are having the name email avatar role user. So we are now accessing that one from our database. So right now as we are passing that we need to also pass

[01:06:00]
a value called token. So the token and the token should be generate uh token. Uh I think uh did we have that? I think we created that middle bar the configuration the token uh or not. So I think if we go in the ATLs yes so that's the generate token. So now also the we need to provide that JWT secret. So let's go in the env. So now you can create any kind of JWT secret. So I'm going to go with that our token generator. And here I'm going to just simply as you can see I think we are having that yeah we provide already so not hit that one. So now as you're having the JWT secret but actually is happen to be happening there uh especially on that its just getting that JWT from the JSON web token and we're just making that con generate token we're getting we're passing that ID. So whatever the ID is we are passing that uh we're going to pass the ID as

[01:07:01]
the email or others. Uh I think the better option it should be we're going to provide the id of that user ID. So that's the ID we're going to take. Then we're going to return the JWT sign ID. Then we're going to pass that secret and it going to get an experiment of the 30day. If you want that 1 hour you can just simply make that 1 hour or you can I'm going to just pass that 7 day not 30 days not even practice 7 day at least maximum. And also you can create a refresh token. So whenever it's expire it going to automatically handle that refresh mechanism. Let me know in the comments if you're looking forward to have that refresh token or not. If you want I'm going to provide that but right now I'm going to go in a simple way and later on it's just providing the token. So it's almost getting that sign mechanism. So what I'm going to do I'm going to go with that uh let's say generate token over there. So this is the method we are going to use. So generate token and on the generate token we're going to pass that user dot id and we need to import that generate

[01:08:01]
token. So import I think it should be coming simple like that from let's say dot dot uh I think and that should be coming from the utils generate token.js. So now we should be receiving a token entirely right. So let's go back to in our uh over here. So right now if we just as you can see this providing the ID right so you can take multiple instances if we just create we should be receiving a token so if I just copy that token and let's go back to our website again so and over here there is a decode mechanism so we can simply access that paste the code and decode that one as you can see we are providing the ID whatever id we are passing so right now we can do lot of other parameter we can pass the id or you can simply get the user right you can pass that entire user as an object and over here whenever in the out controller you are simply can

[01:09:01]
generate with according to your user entire user data right so what we going to do right now it's going to be a little bit heavy if you are doing that so we're going to just try to login again so now as you can see it's a big bunch of data and if I copy that and right now if I go in my website over here and let's clear again. Let's paste it and decode token. Now you can see we have the user ID, name, email, password, avatar, everything we are receiving. But it's not a good practice to provide everything especially the password. You know it's not a good practice at all. So we are not passing that as you can see either you can like pass that email password and others but what I recommend you not to do that to providing the entire user. I'm going to go with only the ID because whenever I'm getting the ID now I can restructure the ID and get the data from the database because if my ID is match with the data that's fine

[01:10:00]
that is enough for me so this is the one which can handle uh okay ID is not defined okay I didn't provide the ID where is that uh sorry this is the ID uh I just forgot to enter that so now we are uh okay what's wrong here uh login K ML something was fishy what it is let me see yeah now it's got you got we got that we're good so now as you're having that we got that our login user mechanism okay good we got our register user mechanism good and now we're going to create a get user profile mechanism by which we can create the user profile so right now what we going to do we're going to create some more user from there so this is we can create uh instead of that I'm going to create an admin user. So let's say admin and I'm going to provide the role as admin. Let's hit send. So that's going to create an admin user. So we are going to deciphering what kind of action going to

[01:11:01]
perform by which user we're going to do and build the mechanism. And again uh I'm saying you we're going to working like a real backend engineer. We are not going to focus in our uh decipher knowledge of our structurable scenario. how the client going to look, how going to admin look, but we're going to create a full entire mechanism act as a backend specialist like a database specialist so that we can go and explore all the models and do the needful things for that. So as we did that so now let's go to the out route. We're going to bring back all other routes set up what we are going to actually doing. Now as you can see in the swagger so especially we're going to make one thing very clearcut on that. So we're going to just directly go in my our local host and that should be API and docs. Right now it has nothing but we're going to set up the swagger. So as you can see that's already set all the object. It's already in the repo. So you can grab everything right now. Right. So what I'm going to do I'm going

[01:12:01]
to go back to the index just to provide that documentation so that we can simply go and create the setup. So after that route we're going to just set that it's going to be let's say uh AP uh sorry it's already there. So the API documentation how it going to be so app.t use and we are going to use that for/ API for/ should be a for/ API for/ docs and from the docs uh from the docs we are going to manipulate some of the setup. So let's say it should be uh swaggery. So it should be swagger UI dot serve right. So now we need to bring back that UI mechanism to we need to as you can see we need to provide that swagger express. So let's go back to our package. Did we have that? So especially for the yeah we have the swagger express and feel free again feel free to go to directly in the npm just to find what

[01:13:01]
kind of things we are exercising what kind of packages we are using if it's working it doesn't mean you don't need to learn at all you need to learn you need to go directly on that so as you can see this module allows you to serve autogenerated swagger UI generated API documentation for from express based on a swagger json file so that's the one which we are provided here the swagger.js file over here and then uh the the result is leaving documentation for your API hosted from your API server via a route. So that's the one which it going to compile on that. So uh if we directly go on that instances we need to go to import that. So let's go at the top. So I'm going to just import that swagger UI getting swagger UI express and after that we also need to provide some of the mechanism. So we are providing that serve. So not server it should be serve only. So that's going to serve the swagger UI. So if we save

[01:14:02]
right now and we hit enter. Uh so right now it's still a uh AI docs getting nothing. App dot use swaggeri.serve serve which is going to serving on that and okay I think we need to provide the setup so let's make that swagger UI dot setup and from the setup we need to also provide that uh specs uh and then we're going to not like that specs then we're going to pass the entire object or we can just bring back the entire segment like that so that should be similar of this on. Okay. So now we're getting the ser method. We're getting the swagger UI setup which going to passing the expect explorer true and the custom CSS getting the swagger UI to display none and custom title baby shop or instead of baby shop we are simply going to go with that baby mark API documentation. I

[01:15:00]
think I maybe manipulate something. Uh okay let's try this. Uh no what's what we did wrong. say over here uh specs swagger UI setup okay in the ENB uh so maybe we are missing something over there maybe in the specs or some other parameter so let's see what actually we are missing by so far so in the specs uh specs are not defined so this is the mechanism uh we are passing the specs but we're not importing on that so remember we have a configuration file this is the swagger and on the swagger configuration we passing something called specs over here. So this is the entire this is the options uh this is the options and this is the specs which going to passing the swagger js docs that options all this parameter providing as an specs right so what we need to do in the index folder in the in the index file over here let's say import we're going to import that specs

[01:16:00]
uh specs and the import going to be coming from doconfig dot for/ config for/swagger js so right now if we go and come here and hit enter. We should be having a good documentation here. You can see you can authorize that one. You see we we are having the token. So right now we go over here and if we just directly get the login. So let's say login and we logged in and then we're going to grab our token right. So we're going to grab the token here and we're going to pass the token. We can now authorize say we are now logged in. So we can access the user data. You can see user having the id value string value property and also we can get other property right now you cannot see that because we didn't implement the mechanism how it going to rerun on that uh just think about that especially for like route in controller think about I think the routes that are going to work for that so in the route I'm going to set the swagger mechanism so that it can provide all the entire setup right so

[01:17:02]
I'm going to go and pass that so this is my login setup. So I'm going to pass that one right. So at swagger. So that's the swagger going to handle on that. So API o and then the post method we are providing it. So you need to be careful what we are doing. So right now I think uh I need to provide that. So just see uh what you see yeah login. So right now you can see how the things can work. What if I don't provide that description? Let's see what's the fallback. Okay. Uh no there should be the fallback. Uh okay that should be the fall back. Okay so this is the mechanism. So if I hit on the specially entering on that so let's see I'm going to go directly on that authentication mechanism. So right now as you can see we are just providing the swagger for our login me uh login mechanism. So all the login parameter can be passing over there. I'm going to go again api docs. Uh okay what's wrong

[01:18:01]
here? I think my server is got down. Yeah, my server is crashed. Uh okay. Okay. I think I need to provide those setup otherwise it can't access. Yeah. So what actually we are passing that we are passing that login route swagger API of login we are post passing the summary that post summary login user authentication parameter request body. So feel free to go with those responses and others how it can be redirecting on that. So now let's hit again. So right now if we try to go authorize we can already authorize that one. So as in this we can see the schemas and others. So right now uh I'm going to just try it out right. So let's see we are having that uh I'm going to just use my let's say I'm going to use that admin@gmail.com and we're going to provide the password execute and then as you can see we are getting the mechanism not allowed by course. Okay. So we need to provide that

[01:19:01]
course configuration of course otherwise it will not the swag not let the swagger to work on that. So to combine with the course configuration I think we are already providing that 8,000. So in the index let's see yeah so Android uh okay uh Android simulator and others. So it's supposed to take that action to go with that. But I don't know what's actually is uh not helping to execute API auto login. Okay, this is that should not be in that way. So no worries about that. We can set the course policy later on because we need to also go with that client admin and others as now we're not going to like passing that data requirement. But you know how to set up that swagger just to go and to provide all the scenarios. So I'm going to close this one. Let's go back to our out and I'm going to just uh remove the others which is not require and index and the DB. So right now what we need to

[01:20:02]
do is that as we are making that our login method so there should be overall some more mechanism to be indulged with. So first of all as you can see in our user routes especially like the O route going to handle a lot of other parameter which going to be in exited way. First one uh the register second one the login and the third one it going to be let's say I'm going to provide that let's say it should be I'm going to just uh comment that another going to provide that let's say it going to get that profile value and another one get the logout mechanism so that two parameter going to be get so now the profile is going to come so as you can see here for every single particular user they can get their user profile right but we need to protect the profile value because not everyone can get the profile right. So first of all we're going to make that router dot get. So it should be a get method and that get method going to get

[01:21:00]
for/ profile and here we're going to pass that protect mechanism protect and remember if we just simply go in our mechanism over here in that uh out controller not uh I think it should be coming in that uh like middleware in that old middleware we have a function called protect and in the protect in the async handler parameter we are getting the token from And if request headers do authorizations and and request headers authorization starts with the barrier. So the beer token if the beer token is available right author first is the authorization then the beer token both is available we are dstructuring the token like split up the token from there then we are decoding our token using the same JWT secret then we are grabbing the user. If the user and also getting the matching with the password we're providing next otherwise we are just throwing the error. So now if there is no token also 401 error is going to

[01:22:01]
happen to be there. So first of all we need to get the protective value from here. So we just simply go at the top. I'm going to just minimize that one. So at the top and let's say import and that should be coming a protect from middleware.js. Right? So that's protect mechanism going to work and then it going to bring back get user profile function from our uh out controller right so we need to grab that one. So that should be uh let's say get user profile. So now we need to uh like maintain that one. So how we can do this? It's a simple way also. Let's say it should be get user profile and then we're going to also use that async handler and over here should be an asynchronous call. Over here a sync and there we're going to pass that request and response and over there we need to combine all things together. First of all we will grab the user is equal to await and that should be coming user

[01:23:01]
dotfind by not one should be find by id as we are providing the id and should be rag dot user dot underscore id. So that's we are not getting the body but we are passing on the for/ on the route right and if there is the user then we're going to do something should be let's say rest dot status status should be 200 and then we're going to pass that JSON data and over the JSON data uh not like that should be passing the JSON data so over the JSON data we're going to pass the whole user scenario so that should be getting that overall the user profile like the ID, name, email, avatar, role address. We're not passing the password. That's why we're destructuring that. And if there is no user, then we're going to simply pass that. Let's say console.log should be console log. We're going to just pass that log or you can just make that console. Error. And over here we're going to pass

[01:24:01]
that profile and should be user not found for ID. And over here we're going to simply pass that rag dot user if the user is happen to be passing the id. And here we're going to just pass that rest dot status. We're going to pass the status code which going to be let's say 404 which mentioning that not found. And let's say we're going to provide that throw new error and the error not like that error. And the error going to combine user not found. That's it. And from there we will just simply pass that to get user profile. And that way we can simply grab the user profile. And why we're doing that remember in certain positioning especially once we are logged in on the profile once we're going we going to get the fresh data right this data first once we logged in is saving in the database like in our state. So we are showing some data from this state. But every time a user coming

[01:25:00]
in the profile you know they going to like the card going to update uh address going to update or the wers going to update lot of things going to happen. So that time we need to update that particular scenario. So we're going to use that profile mechanism. So let's go back directly in our let's say over here we are we are just going to duplicate that login. So let's just duplicate uh I'm going to save that one first. So on the duplicate method so this is I'm going to provide that as it going to be a get method and should be get user profile and over here instead of login it should be passing that as let's say it going to be passing that add profile. If we hit enter we going to grab see no authorize or no token first of all what it going to take that's we need to maintain. So if you just see uh we need to provide an ID. So uh I think the rake user do id. So I'm going to pass that one as underscore.

[01:26:02]
So should be note that should be underscore id. Now I'm going to go login a user just to grab its ID and over here I'm going to pass its ID. So let's just grab the ID and hit enter. You see how the ID is getting to the route. You see it's not unauthorized 404. So now what we can uh I think for one not authorize now I'm going to go in my login user as you can see that's the token. So this is the bearer token I need. So on I'm going to log in I'm going to get the token right. So every time I'm going to pass the request I can get the token. So here how I can change as you can see in the O in that O I'm going to select that beer token and over here I'm just going to select remove everything. I'm going to pass that token which I'm having here. Uh I think uh okay I I put it in I think I'm putting in a wrong position not here but here. So as you can see in that O uh I think in on in the O on the

[01:27:01]
beer token I'm going to remove that the dummy one save and hit enter and if my token is match I can get the data. So that's the way we can directly get our data flow. So here I'm going to just try to get another directory and the directory going to be uh I'm going to rename that directory as uh I think it should be renamed and here uh I'm going to make that as let's say uh uh user o or okay and on that I'm going to select all 2 3 4 I'm going to dragging on that O okay so for now I know where the mechanism is going to hit So from here I can I think home route I'm going to not put it in the O. So O going to having the get user profile and others. Now there should be another mechanism here which going to control our log out right. So as you can see on the particular instances we also going to create a logout mechanism here also for

[01:28:02]
the logout router dot that would be another post method and that post method going to be coming as a logout mechanism also need to be protect like without user nobody can log out. So log out user mechanism we need to create simply going to go over here that should be log out. So con uh let's say log out user. So I'm going to just provide the similar name of that and over here that should be a same as the other function but it going to be a simple parameter on that and that should be a sync handler and then we're going to also pass that async method and there should be a request request and response and from there what I'm going to do rest.json chess I'm simply going to pass that success going to be true and also I'm going to pass the message which going to be

[01:29:00]
locked out successfully and I'm going to also pass in that race do status status which going to be 200 and then pass that log out user and one more things you can do you can also cache like you can clean your entire application cache uh if you wanted to but first right now I'm going to go in a simple mechanism and here I'm going to just duplicate another method so let's say duplicate this one and that should be passing that as logout user so that should be logout user and instead of login that should be passing the mechanism on that logout and of course as you can see it need to be protected and what kind of things it's going to do so it's need to protect but what we are passing now if we just hit enter you can see uh it's not getting that because the protect mechanism is not getting that uh like uh what we are having in the login you can

[01:30:00]
see we are having that our token so we need to provide that token here otherwise we cannot make log out right so we need to just get the token and let's go in our uh in our let's say info that log out and over here in the out We just simply go past that token. That's it. Hit enter. Uh okay. What is saying? Uh cannot find the route. Okay. Okay. Logout user is not defined. I think uh I didn't Yeah. didn't pass that. So let's just set hit enter. And here we need to provide that we need to get the success method. You see success is also 200. And then message is getting the log out successfully. Log out successfully. So this is the proper user mechanism by which we can like we can log out the uh login the user and actually handling all the authentication parameter by so far. So right now as you can see we have the o method. Now we

[01:31:00]
going to go and create our user mechanism by which we can handle all of our user and for the swagger you can do whatever the way you are feeling to access the swagger right and what can I do uh according to for the user route. So user route going to access as you can see if we directly go in our admin so that you can understand what's the mechanism we're going to build for especially for the user route and on the admin whenever we going to directly get the user we can add a new user we can delete any user we can delete user so this all functionality going to happen and not everyone can perform those tasks right only the admin can access those mechanis mechanism so we need to create a separate route which can handle all of these parameter. So let's go back to our over here in the index file. We're going to create another route which going to hold our entire setup for that. So that would be our route and that should be app dot use and the use method going to passing that a for/ API. You can now also you can uh

[01:32:02]
pass that within an object parameter you know you can do that but right now I'm going to go in a simplest way possible. So that should be users and here we're going to pass that user routes right user routes. So what we need to do we need to create that user routes over here should be user user oops should be user routes dot js and the same conception the same thing it's going to be implementing here. So we need to just I'm going to go in fast forward just to provide you that it going to be protecting that one express it also going to get that protect mechanism here. Then what we can do also we need to provide that cons router should be passing that express dot router and from there it should be let's say export default it going to just simply grab the router and here in our index we can simply pass that our route should be user route. it's not

[01:33:00]
providing the input. So we can just simply go at the top to get that user route. So let's go at the top and over here we can simply just implementing that. So this is our user route and also as you can see we have the O directory. I'm going to just minimize that. Then we're going to create a new directory here which going to provide us to bring back our users users. Right? So this is the user routes which going to holding every single data about the user. Now what kind of parameter a user route should have right so this going to having with that let's say a user route going to perform a should be having that for/ route which going to access on the actual parameter and also it going to have for/ ID route by which we can just simply pass that data requirement and also uh okay I think uh okay I need to go and calculate again I think I make it smaller and Then it going to perform other tasks like that

[01:34:02]
it will go directly on that for/ id and and then it going to also pass that addresses. So in that way so we can manage the addresses by the user addresses and others. So that would be also passing a very good mechanism on that. There should be another route because we can then like provide an address and then according to the addresses id. So all things we going to maximize. So first of all we need to provide our home route which going to handle all other parameter should be router dot and we're going to just simply go and create and access the route. So that should be for/home. So that's going to be uh and direct route which we are going to head back to our for/ you see the API user. So that is going to be actually access that route. So I'm going to just go over here and let's say I'm going to create or I'm going to just simply duplicate that request. So duplicate over here and I'm going to just bring back within the users over here. What I'm going to do it

[01:35:02]
should be passing that API users. So let's just hit back on that. Right now we're not getting anything. So that should be uh users. Let's say get users. Okay, that's the get method we're going to pass because it going to hold uh two method. One should be the get method, one should be the uh post method. So on the router.oute route in for/ this plan on that should be passing a get method and that method going to asking for a protect and also that method can asking for the admin and then it going to get that get users and why the admin is required right here as you can see we're providing the reguser and rag do user role should be is equal to admin and if the admin is accessing only then he can perform whatever the things we are letting him to do otherwise it going to be four 4003 not authorized. So then it will be not authorized as an admin. So that we need to provide. So now we're going to create that get users mechanism

[01:36:01]
by which anyone can grab the entire users parameter. So let's go in the controller. We will make that user controller. So user controller dot js file and here we're going to make a simple function. So con get users method. So also need to better to put a comment mechanism. So get users. So get users now on the get users mechanism again it should be passing as an async handler property. I'm just going to uh bring back that uh in the top or we can just simply also we need that uh user parameter. So we're going to get the user here and also okay right now that's enough. So now we're going to go with that async handler as sync handler and on particularly on that method we're going to go with the async function and here should be okay this should be like that a uh okay no no need that should be request okay should be request and response and from there what

[01:37:00]
we going to do we're going to make that con user should be getting that await and here we're going to get user dotfind so here we're going to pass an empty object right and empty object object and from that object we're going to go and select uh select and what's whatever the things is passing to be minus having the password it going to access that if you're not passing that also it will directly get that but it's better to pass that and rest dot JSON you're going to provide uh not the JSON directly I'm going to provide any status and the status going to be passing a 200 and then the JSON we're going to provide the JSON mechanism let's say we're going to provide the success true you can initially provide the success true method if you want and then you're going to pass the users right so we're not momentarily passing that success true but I'm going to pass that so that you can uh also put a mechanism that if the response do status or response do success is true then you can pass that so this you can combine if you wanted to

[01:38:00]
and after that if we're going to pass that export we're going to simply pass that get users from directly here and let's say going to combine that get users from that users controller. Right now if we come here localhost API users if we hit we're going to receive something not authorized. So what we need if we go back directly uh okay I need to provide that I will just uh drag it in the user directory. So it's not it yet there. So I'm going to save it and then I'm going to drag it in the user directory. Okay here. Okay. So now what actually we need to do is that we need to get the token. Right. So what I'm going to do I'm going to go in my O. I'm going to go for the login user because I need to have the token. So right now as you can see I'm not an admin. Right? If I get the login so I'm not logged in as an admin. As you see how the token is it's all it's can it will expire more than like it will okay I'm I'm going to loged in. I'm going to close the others. So let's say close other tab. Yeah close

[01:39:02]
other tabs. So I just copied that. Now let's go get users. And over here you can set it globally. Okay. You can set the like the token globally but I don't want it to. Again I'm saying I want to do everything as manually. If you're looking forward let me know in the comments. I will make a separate video where I can access everything every single mechanism how a postman how you can use the postman like a pro. So as you can see 4,3 43 forbidden and the messages that not authorized as an admin. So what we need to do we need to uh like login as an admin. So I'm going to go in my uh body over here and I'm going to instead of user I'm going to provide an admin. Admin has access for the admin route. So over here I'm going to just copy my uh segment from there. So let's save it here and then let's go get the user and I'm going to remove previous one. Set this one set. Hit enter. Now this time as you can see success true we got an array of users

[01:40:01]
right because if you just go directly in our MongoDB so as you can see admin is a role as admin so now we are getting the proper admin and we are receiving the data in that way if even anyone logged in in your admin dashboard without admin they can't access the data they can't see nothing it will pass a simple message which we're going to later on fix to populate the data that no you can't access you to have that admin permission to fulfill these actions. So now you know that get method get user mechanism is working perfectly and still you are watching this video and didn't subscribe I again requesting you do subscribe the channel it will help me a lot to grow and we I'm going to build a lot of things for you guys and it going to be coming and you can buy me coffee if you're looking forward to that's up to you okay so we get that things we have the route by which we can access for that mechanism then again as you can see get method we're going to simply go

[01:41:00]
and do the post method and in the post method it should be also protect and also it need to be have an admin access and that could be create user right so this route can create user so now let's go back to our controller and over here we will create such a route by which we can create a user and you know it can be really really handy to do those things so let's say should be create user so what kind of things it window con create uh user. So create user and it should be is equal to as sync handler not like that should be create user a sync handler and from there it should be an async mechanism let's say getting the request and getting the response and from there directly passing that we going to directly you see the mechanism which we get the register user the same thing the same parameter we are going to exercise in here nothing fancy but this to perform this actions like This going

[01:42:02]
to access through the admin not directly the registration which we happen to be get. So this having the permission to manipulate each and every single segment. It can go a name, email, password, role, address, every single thing it can manipulate that one as an admin. It has the functionality to provide and populate all the data. Okay. So right now what we can do we can just grab that and again we're going to check check if we are having the user like this. So the same parameter which we use for our creating the user register user the same mechanism we're going to use that's why I'm not providing you that much. So if the user exist we can simply pass that user exist 400 and then we're going to pass that create user. Okay. And after that we also pass that if the user is created like if uh we have the user is not created we are going to create a user. So should be similar like that cost user going to be await user.create create name, email,

[01:43:00]
password, rule and if address is there addresses otherwise an empty array the same parameter now we going to just populate the similar synonym you see if the initialize the empty card for right now we are not going to providing the card because I didn't create the cart model it going to throw the error later on so we're going to creating the card we're going to populate it everywhere after that we're going to just do that so now that status is getting 201 which is the ID getting the ID name email avatar role and address if this is not happening. You see the status code 400 invalid user data. So now let's go back here and let's try to create a user right so that should be a create user route for slash so the get users route right this is this is the for/ users right so that's the same parameter going to happen I'm going to just go add a new request here and that should be uh providing a post request and the request name should be create user and over here that should be hitting the same route

[01:44:00]
you see every single route uh first in the O route We are deciphering everything as a separate separate mechanism. Now we're going to hitting in the same route. We're going to coming as a get method. We're going to coming as a post method, put method, delete method. In that way, we can work it together in a very good fashion. So now it can be able to create a user. How we can do that? First of all, let's say if I hit let's see what's not authorize no token. So we need to set the token. Now you can again I don't want to set it in a global way because uh there is some complication because otherwise uh you will not know what kind of error you are getting. So from here the barrier token uh not barrier beer token. So I'm going to save it and hit send and let's see what not authorized token failed. Okay, why is failed? Oh okay I'm going to loged in again. So this is my admin send again. So that's the new token here. So let's get the token and create the user and over here I'm going to remove and save and send.

[01:45:02]
Yeah cannote this structure property name of request and others because we are not providing an actual data right. So how we can send the data we need to go especially for the register user the same parameter it going to work here also. So I'm going to copy that and let's go and create user. Let's go in the body and also from there I'm going to pass the row data which JSON is selected by default. And over here let's hit uh I'm going to hit in admin. Let's see if it's creating or not. You see user already exist. So now I'm going to make that test atgmail.com that should be passing as a test user and hit. Now we should be able to see get that. You see the test user is created. Let's go back to the get user. If we hit send, we should be able to see that the user uh there's two three test user is right there. So now once we're getting the user, we can also pass a lot of other mechanism by which it can be more fantastic like the providing the ID,

[01:46:02]
providing the separation, pagination, a lot of things we can do but right now for the user I'm going to make straightforward by which way you can really really understand that things can work in a very simple way. Later on we're going to create the product. we're going to enter a lot of more and more logic. So not dumping all at at all together uh like at a time but simply slowly slowly we're going to jump all of that. Okay. So as we did that so now we need to create another route. So I'm going to go a little bit of faster forward as just it going to implement such a things which can really access those route setup. So as you can see with the ID we're going to having especially for the four route segment. One is the get user by id. Another is update user which is just a put method. Another is the delete and a protect admin and delete user. So it should be a two mechanism. One is that using that ID like for/ ID we're going to provide that user id then we can uh like getting the user same the user which we are actually

[01:47:02]
getting beforehand. So that can happen and then the update user and also can be deleting user. The first one we're going to implement is that user controller. We're going to get that user by ID. So that should be let's say get user user by ID. So con let's see we're going to bring that up. That same function should be get user by ID also. Let's get with that async handler async mechanism request response and the same thing. So what we going to do? We're going to just simply authenticate the user. As you can see, we're getting the user user find by one. Then passing that should be passing that get user by id. So that's the one mechanism to get the function and another function it going to have that update user. Right? So this is going to be a put method which we need to create that. So this also need to be providing such a very very good way. So I'm going to come over here and should be passing

[01:48:02]
that update user method. Con update user. And now let's pass that async handler and then as sync mechanism same request response and then we are good to go. So over here first of all uh as you can see we need to grab the user. Now actually as is it cannot be accessed in the global layer as it's just not in JSX function. So we need to uh provide an scope but we can declare in a global layer to provide the function that's up to us. So again what I'm saying I'm going to making that as simple as possible. So now what we going to say if if we doesn't have the user that's time like if we doesn't have the user we can simply pass the mechanism on that going to be 404 through an error user not found and for the update user you see we need to be happen to be protect but no to no need to be having an admin only admin going to delete the user right so what I'm going to do for allows user by uh themselves or admin so what uh let's

[01:49:02]
just pass that mechanism right here so going to be passing using a simple comment. So allows updates by the user themselves or admin to so two setup going to happen. So if we're going to just concate the two separate separation on that so if the user id in string so right now uh if the user is getting that uh if so what we doing if the user ID and the request user id is not equal to and user role is not in admin we are going to throwing a new error. Right now we can only provide the mechanism for the admin. Right? So we can simply protect that things. So right now as it's just passing handling on the admin parameter we'll just give the permission to uh update the user by admin. So let's just go or I think this one not require you see uh is not is equal to admin because we're going to give anyone to update. We're not accessing the admin. So I'm going to skipping that. So I'm going to just simply get the username

[01:50:00]
and other dialect parameter. So first of all I'm going to provide the value over here. The username should be request body name is or username if the password is available user password request body password if the role is providing from the body should be coming the role and then user address if the user passing the address otherwise getting an empty address whatever address is passing by user. So this going to happen and for the avatar that should be an avatar set going to be there. So I'm going to setting up later on. So con updated user should be let's say await that should be uh let's say uh user dots save we uh not user yeah user dots save we just going to save the user which going to be as an updated user and also we're going to pass that let's say rest dot JSON or rest do status status going to be 200 and dot JSON let's say you can pass the status but I'm not going to do right now I'm Just going to simply go and grab

[01:51:00]
that. Let's just provide that one. We're going to update that scenario. That's it. So now we're going to pass in the JSON status. If the user is having we're just updating the user. So the mechanism going to access passing that should be passing on the let's say going to be coming and update user and also can get user by ID. I'm going to keep the delete user later. Now we can test that two mechanism get. I'm going to just go with the put method which going to be update user. So let's say uh I'm going to as is getting the create user I'm going to just duplicate that one. So duplicate and over here instead of that post method let's say it should be not create user update user instead of post method it going to be a put method and over here on the body I'm going to go in my register mechanism here or not register in the create mechanism remember we created that test user so let's go in the put method I'm

[01:52:01]
going to just simply pass that updated user so instead of test. I'm going to just make a test. So, and the role I'm going to make the role as a user. So, hit save and let's try and as you can see I need to provide an ID right. So, what I'm going to do according to that particular instances I need to log through that. So, let's log in the user and that should be passing that test atgmail.com. Hit send. I'm can logged in and this is the ID for that user. So, let's go in update mechanism. I need to provide the params. So the param should be passing that id and the id should be getting that value and hit send and we should be getting okay it's providing the 404 not found because uh this is the mechanism uh so it's getting the users so users for/ ID so uh okay API users so I think uh we need to okay let's get user profile here okay

[01:53:00]
for/ user profile then underscore id we providing so for slash I think we need to provide that underscore id maybe let's see no we didn't grab we didn't get the route so update user dust for/ ID so we need to get that so that should be within the same route users oh okay users it should be coming forward slash I think so Yes. Uh no, that should be okay. This is the ID and that is the body is getting that. So why is providing the problem 404 not found? So we need to work with that route setup. So this is the user route. So this route is not accessing that. So

[01:54:00]
for/ id. So users for slash id think it should be similar of users for slash id. So directly grabbing the id. So the users for slash if we just pass that id yes instead of users we can directly map that with the id. No need to because it's accessing the id directly. So we need to provide that way. So as you can see it has is having has the test user. So I'm going to change again. So now let's say it should be new test user and also we can change the test like the email. So new test and hit enter. And as you can see we have that new test user and in the get users method if we just send on that we can see that one is changed. And also if we go directly in the database if we just reload on instant refresh the data we can see that particularly the data is changed and we

[01:55:00]
got the entire statement. So right now as you can see our update method is working. So right now we also going to get get user by id and delete mechanism. We're going to testify for the delete method we need to create another function which will help us to create that delete method which will be simply a delete method and to delete that we the route must be a protected and also the admin and then we're going to use that delete user uh controller over there. So let's go back to our user controller here. So let's go directly in that uh here. So after update user we're going to just make another one which going to be let's say the delete user mechanism. So should be let's say delete user and over here we're going to write this function delete user which going to handle with a sync handler. What we going to do first we need to

[01:56:01]
grab our user right. So whatever the parameter we have we update as you can see right here we are passing that in request forms it going to directly come to request params id right if we have the user then then we are going to do something okay that should be the condition if we have the user now if it doesn't have the user it would be a simple procedure measure to go with that that we're going to provide an 404 status that user not found and if we have the user what we can do first of all we're going to make that uh we're going to there should be some proportion users card we're going to implement later on and also multiple table not in the same table

[01:57:00]
otherwise the data would be congested it if we keep in separate table we're going to delete according to that right for right now I'm going to keep it in as commented show the user and we're going to just make that await user dot delete one that's it we're going to just simply run the function and it going to delete that and also need to provide that the race do.json JSON here we're going to simply pass that we're going to make that of 200 as we make the success so we're going to provide that status code uh status and here we're going to provide that JSON format we're going to simply pass that you can simply do that same status code which can be success or you can pass in a true false value like if if it's happen to be there you can make that success true if you want it to right so I'm going to make the status

[01:58:00]
success or you can just simply make that success as true. So you can also go like that. And then we're going to make that for the JSON format. We're going to pass the message that user deleted successfully. That's it. So now what you need to do, we need to uh like pass from there. So that should be uh let's say delete user. Okay. Fine. So now let's go back to our user route over here. It should be passing at the delete user. So our controller is ready but the route is the same proportion of the route. If we directly go as you can see that's the mechanism we use for the update user. So I'm going to copy that and or I'm going to just make a duplicate uh example on that and on the duplicate the copy one that should be let's say delete user and over here instead of the put method it should be coming as a delete method and if we send that we're supposed to get okay cast to object for value so ID okay

[01:59:03]
id is not I think that was the problem so the user remember we already function functionalized that but somehow how we copy that and it was coming there. I did not be there. If I just send that data as you can see success user deleted successfully. So what's the user we deleted? If we directly go and get the user there should not be that user. So I have my name two as you can see test user is deleted perfectly. So now our delete mechanism also working like the way it's supposed to be and it's doing a very good decent parameter. So now what I'm going to do I'm going to introduce all of my model. So you need to be paying a close attention on that particularly because now we're going to capture entire model setup so that we can bring it one by one. So first of all what I'm going to do I'm going to go in the model and over here in the model what we are going to implement is that uh I'm going to just bring everything

[02:00:00]
one by one. So let's say uh there should be no and no worries about that because I'm going to explain to you what's actually going to do within the particular scenario. So I'm going to just bring back all together. So uh replace the one which is coming existing. Now I'm going to close all. So here you need to play a close attention and no worries about that all the model I'm going to pass that. So as you can see so whenever you're going to clone the repo you're going to find that uh models there. So I'm going to pass all the model there. all the model controllers and others you're going to pass you're going to get that accept and b so no worries about that the model I'm going to pass that so we have the user model remember previously what you did and in the user model we're going to adding something very unique that is that there is the wish list which going to coming from schema types object ID and the reference going to be coming for the product reference which going to having the product model as you can see that's the product model which going to be coming as a reference parameter and then also in The car same schema type going to be passing as the reference for

[02:01:00]
the product because every car should having a product like product ID is going to be there as an object and also having the quantity like if I add five products in the card every single product have that ID and the quantity not the entire product list is because the product list would be heavy. So we need to just update whatever the ID is there and from the ID we can access the product from the card. Right? So now this is a fully functional of that user schema like user model here. Then we're going to go one by one that's the banner model and what kind of banner in a banner the banner has should has to be have the name should be having the title start from image and banner type. So this is the banner and providing the time stamp and passing that banner model. That's it. Then we're going to have the brand model similar of the banner but this one only have the type and then like for the name and image and then the timestamp and as you can see we are just exporting the banner as well. Then we have our current model. In the

[02:02:02]
current model we are having the product ID. Remember every product should having passing an unique ID to there. Like whenever you're going to create a product we should get an ID same as user. So bring the scenario like that. So if I go to uh simply of our let's say we are here in our admin if I directly go in the baby shop. So let's uh let's say try on that. Now whenever I am adding one product is accessing our like the cart right. If we go directly here uh okay it's just running an ad. So as you can see I am getting the cart this entire data I'm getting from the database. But what I'm doing I'm storing only the keys like only the ids of that particular product as a card and from the ID I'm calling to my database to get the product because I have the product data as well. So the same thing it going to happen there should be a product in like as you see in the addresses there should be a cart address parameter here

[02:03:00]
right now whenever you're going to create a new one as you can see in the user model we should we should create that wish list and card like if I go directly here and let's say we're going to create a new user so get user where is the create user so that's a create user I think that one is deleted we're going to create the test user right now and we should be having a user I'm going to refresh that data And then whenever we are going there as you can see in the test user over here we have the wish list array we have the current array and also we have the address array. So that's the all the formalities we are just passing directly from here that it should havinging the all the properties. Previously I was skipping that because we are not doing the model. So now you know what's actually going to do. So in the card as you can see the card it just happened to be an array. So in that array we're going to keep like this object id. So this id going to be there. If we have the 10 products 10 id it will be there. That's it simple. Then we are also going to have the name price quantity and the

[02:04:01]
image. So that's would be the card and then we're going to define the card schema which going to having the user ID and that user ID could be coming it it just kind of linking together uh beside on that. So the type should be that user schema then requ and item should be the card item schema. So that entire item schema should be passing as an array over there. Okay fine. Then you're going to have in the category model. In the category model uh like category have the name and image could be optional. As you can see we are showing all the images especially if you go at there as you can see those images coming right from the category model. Then we are going to order model. So if you directly visualize about the data layer over here and if I go to see my order view my order data okay this account is I think there is no orders yet anyway so here the order should be again the product ID should be linked up with the product and the name price quantity image if is

[02:05:00]
available then in that order schema we are injecting that every order should be having that user ID should be items which going to be orders item schema up and then we are going to having the total value of there which going to be a type of number by default we're going to take a zero property of the value then also we're going to pass in the status now every single order should be passing some kind of a status which going to be coming through and pending once it's paid it going to be paid then the completed and also can be the cancel by default all the orders getting to be pending because once the payment is successful we're going to make it paid once the order is delivered we're going to make it completed that if the customer or by somehow we cancel the order it would be cancelled. And for the shipping address what we can do is that every user going to be also passing the shipping address and that address going to be related like all of our state uh like the similar of that address schema which going to be passing that any street city country postal code and then

[02:06:00]
after that this is coming from the shipping address right then we are having that payment intent ID that stripe session ID and paid at and the time stamp. So that could be our order schema. Then one of the most complicated one is that our product model. In the product model, every product should have the name and also having the description and you can see the name should be unique because we can generate the slack according to that. It's up to you. I'm again keeping it simple as possible. Then also we having the price which going to be a number. Default value is zero. Having the discount, discount percentage, type is number, default zero, main zero, max 100 can be there. And then stock actually max not to be 100. We can put be the 90% the max discount we can provide. If it's 100% discount we're just providing that as free also we're going to having the stock parameter and then coming to the ratings and as you can see ratings should be according to the users. Then also going to the minmax rating minimum one maximum five and the created parameter. Then coming the average

[02:07:00]
rating parameter image and also require true coming the category which going to mention of the category schema coming the brand also passing true the brand schema passing the time stamp and now here is the calculated rating scenario is right here which going to calculate if the rating can be uh like uh we're going to just maximize like if you can just see over here this product rating if we just go in the single product here as you can see the review no review if there is review like 1.2 1.3 it going to calculate it all together to go provide a very good length properties over there. So this is kind of model we are going to use by so far. So that's all our model. So right now as we are having our user model so what we can do is right now especially on the user route we're going to create some more route over here. So let's go in the and now I'm going to go in a fast forward because you are going to have every single thing with you. I'm going to provide all the code to you. So you know what's actually you are getting by so

[02:08:00]
far. So right now as you can see we are going to make something over here which going to be passing through that. I'm going to just remove that here. There we're going to passing that about that router. Which going to just I'm going to create one that one first which going to create that ID and we're going to pass the address. So the post method and could be protected and also coming is not that admin any use any user can add the addresses and now we're going to create that add address functionality. So let's go directly in the delete user after delete user we're going to create an add address method right. So it should be let's say add addresses. Okay. So now in add address similar a function con add address add over here similar way the function going to be run or instead of doing that as all the things going to be for you people so I can simply just dump it right there and then explain to you you

[02:09:01]
just take your time to type not to just copy the code from the existing you know better to write by yourself I'm just doing that to just reduce the time consumption in address add addresses we are passing that address uh like the parameter of our ID then we are finding the user according to that ID if there is no user we're throwing error not found and only allow user to modify their own addresses or admin so we are maximizing that one if user ID is not mismatch and also if the role is not according to the admin it can show the error that not authorized to modify the user address because only that users and the admin admin can change anyone's address like over here if you can see here the the The users when they having the address admin can change anyone addresses. So there there's no big deal that anyone he can do. But the good thing is that a user can also update their address. Now for the state, city, country, postal code is default we're getting from request body. If none of

[02:10:00]
this one is available like a street, city, country and postal code providing that that all address fields are required, you can dstructure the error to make it looks more valuable, more easily guided. It's up to you. But I'm going to keep it like that way. And also if this is set a default make other addresses not default uh non-default. So means if you are sending like if I uh if I have multiple addresses if I go directly in the card as you can see if I go proceed to check out which as you can see that one is the default. If I have to like if I add a new address and I make that one as it default that should be removed from the default because only at a time a single address can be happened to be it default. So that's the function is just modifi modifying that one. Then if this is the first address make it default. So if I have only a single address like a length is zero then user address.push and I'm making default as true or you can just simply concate all together like you can just simply pass that uh like whatever you're

[02:11:00]
receiving in the address property you can simply pass that too. Then otherwise what we are doing is default we're keeping it as default otherwise making the address as false. then awaits user save and we are passing the JSON response success true user address is just addressing so you see I'm using different method it's not I'm not following any success method either is true or is success uh receiving success whatever status is success but why I'm doing that one so that you can trying to figure out which method you're going to use I am like creating those loopholes just for you to testify so you can follow a certain pattern which one you may feel better for yourself. So now what we going to do over here we're going to make that add address just to import from here and then let's just save it here and over here in the user route we need to just import that address that's it so there is one so we can just simply go and testify that and

[02:12:01]
then there should be another three routes need to be implemented one is that it could be to implement that coming with the ID addresses then the addresses ID where We can update the address also we can delete the address. So this address going to be either we can maximize to update and delete. So that's the same parameter going to take action. So we're going to just go and create the same controller over here which going to make that it should be update address and over here as you can see in the parameter we're going to passing that uh request parameter the parameter id then the same thing not found we are just going through that and addresses id we are capturing and then we are receiving whatever the mechanism we are passing from the request body we're dstructuring that one And then using it after this dstructuring you can see we are getting the address from the address street is equal to street then whatever

[02:13:00]
the value we are passing from the body we are just updating that one and if the fault is there also we are updating them then we're just sending address updated successfully. So this is the update mechanism and for the delete mechanism the same parameter it going to happen. So let's say delete user uh delete address. Okay, in the delete address also the similar pattern we are providing that params ID over there. If there is no user, you can make those one as a global function if you wanted to. The same setup of condition is right here. Then passing that getting the actual address from there. If there is no address address not found if there is address like it's first default we are making it uh address default and then user address.pull request params address id and if the default is there immediate the next one. So if I if I have like a 10 addresses there now I I remove one which is which it which was the default address one then initially the first one we're making it as default one then we

[02:14:00]
are saving the user and then address delete uh deleted successfully. So that should be one that update address and that should be delete address and over here we can also access that two separately and then address. Okay. So now what we going to do? We're going to create the address just to testify how and how it we're going to access those things. So right now if we go and create the address parameter this is the ID which we are using. So get user. So now we're going to get all the users right there. So right now what we going to do? We need to like you can update. So that's the same parameter same masses it going to happen which can update deleted and put all the mechanism by so far. So right now what was the contradiction for every address as you can see id for slash address right so I'm going to just uh this one is for the add address which going to be as a post method so I'm going to go in a post method over here or I'm going to just copy on that I'm going to duplicate this one right here

[02:15:01]
as a singular parameter over here so that should be add right and instead of put method it should be coming as a post method now is no need to push that ID over here remember. So that should be the according to the id then passing the address and if we save there should be coming an error user not found. So we are not having the user because our user is updated. If you go directly over in that create user mechanism that was our user. So let's go over here save and we're going to just change the user ID. If we click right now we should get an error. All address field are required. So we need to go to the body and as you can see we we cannot use those things. So right now whatever the mandatory field to create an address. So let's find it out. So that one is the add address here. What we need is that to find to fill that street, city, country, postal code is default. So we're going to pass that street. So let's just uh

[02:16:01]
put that street uh which going to be let's say I'm going to provide a state. I'm going to make that stringify. So let's say I'm going to make it 19. And then it going to also come in the city. So let's say city as I'm living in taka I'm going to make that taka city. You can also dstructure how the way you want it looking forward to. I'm going to make that country and the country should be I'm going to make that as Bangladesh. Then also the postal code we're going to make postal code. And the postal code right now where I'm living in Taka city it should be coming to uh 16. So that's the postal code. So I want to check uh is the postal code is getting uh the number or whatever the value is right there. If I go in the user model uh because that could make the problem no string uh yeah all are string. So yeah that's that's that's a good thing. So no need to go and access on that. I can easily grab that and also getting that is default. I'm going to make it as true or I'm

[02:17:01]
going to okay first thing first. So first let's go with a happy path. So let's go create the address and as you can see after return we're getting the success to add address. If we go directly here and if we refresh we should be having another address which can be making scenario a pretty good decent way. So if you go in our user here we are having an address an object and that is the is default is true. So what we going to do we're going to do in a separate path. I'm going to create another another address. I'm going to make that address of a 48 of uh like uh sorry over here should be a 48 of a street. Okay, this one uh I'm going to make this one also is default as true. Hit send. So we're going to see what actually you're receiving. If you go in the get user so we can see whatever the address parameter we are receiving. Now from the users we're getting two. So the 48 should be true as you can see because that one is getting automatically false. Right? So this is how we are tempering

[02:18:01]
the address and others. Now you know how to testify. So you can go forward because as you can have the code and also you can write it pretty well. I I can trust you people. You did a very decent job till if you are till here don't forget to subscribe till now. Okay that's my moral request for you people. So now here you can check the update address. So same thing. Now update I'm going to show that to you and the okay I'll show it. It's better. So what I'm going to do at address I'm going to just copy that uh let's say duplicate and over here it should be an update address. So update address and on that update address it should be a put method. So on that put method it should be addresses. So after the ID the addresses then it need to provide the address id. So if you go uh I'm going to just remove some of the parameter which is I'm not using. So remove that get users I'm using. So okay fine. Okay save

[02:19:00]
and then uh delete mechanism and address. Okay update user. Okay. So now from here as you can see I want to delete that uh 19 street right. So update the 19th street. So I'm going to copy the address path. Uh so that's the ID is right here. Then for slash the address ID. So first what is the mandatory is that? As you can see we're getting the user ID. We're getting the addresses from the address then we're getting that address id. So whatever address we are updating. So right now in add address I'm going to copy this entire segment and over here uh uh in the body okay is one is 19 right? I'm going to make it is one and also is default. I'm going to make that one as default true. Let's see if it can update. So now as you can see it's updated. So the state is one and the default is true. By the way, that one default is false. So, as you can see, everything is working in a pretty decent way. The way we are looking forward to and to work and the same thing we going to like implement whenever we're going

[02:20:02]
to create that our admin portal. So, as you can see creating, deleting the user, deleting the product, everything going to be happening right here. The same fashion how the way we are building our uh the uh back end right here. Now, one more thing is that delete the user. Of course the same thing address ID need to be required. So as you can see I'm going to just duplicate that one and that one should be a mechanism called delete address. So delete address. Okay here it should be coming as a delete method. Okay. So now as you can see that's the address. So this is the ID of our first address. So what I'm going to do I'm going to just pass that send it directly. Uh, okay. Something wrong because after the address, okay, uh, we didn't duplicate the copy one. So, okay, I'm going to delete the first one, right? I'm going to keep the 48. So, let's copy that. And after the address, I'm going to provide the ID and hit send. That's it.

[02:21:02]
As you can see, now I have the 48 because the one is already deleted. If I go in my cluster and if I refresh, I should be able to receive the new data which having only a single address. As you can see in the address array, we have only single address. Okay, very good. Our all the entire user parameter is working perfectly. Now what we need to do is to create the other parameter and what I'm going to do, I'm going to create and go to one by one the segment over here. So let's go in our route. We're going to bring another route is right here which can really workable. So we're going to create a route and one of the important one is that to create the product route right. So we going to add the product and that should be one of the fundamental route for us. So let's go and create that one. That should be product routes. Uh yeah I think the routes should be enough. Yeah routes.js. So in the product route what's kind of

[02:22:01]
things going to happen? We're going to create our product. We're going to add product, delete product, update product. The same parameter we're going to just render on that. So first of all, if we just go directly over here, we're going to use some more mechanism. Let's say import express from xace. And also we're going to make the router. Router should be is equal to express dot router not like that. router and we're going to just simply make that export default router. Okay. And also if we need to also engage that one directly within the parameter on our server. So let's go to just uh enlarge it all together. So that's the API users and here it's a say app dot use and over here we can make that API for/ products and here it should be passing as our

[02:23:02]
uh pro okay why is not coming product route that should be coming out so pr products oh that should be I think the product routes yeah product routes and here just need to import that route. So I'm going to copy that and I'm going to paste it which is for product routes and here it going to pass that as product routes. So let's see yeah everything working fine we're good to go. So now in the product route what kind of things we are going to implement. First of all, as you can see, we're going to having some separate route segments and which going to be uh our first route should be let's say it going to be a creating the get products, right? So that should be get products by which we can grab the products and also we can give like that to create the products, right? So that's where it

[02:24:00]
going to be a more fundamental tool or you can uh make that like all the function because as in the home route or you can just simply create that. So that should be uh let's say router dot route. First we're going to create it should be in a home route and here we're going to create a separate route segment. First we're going to make that route a get products route. Right? So we can we can make that it should be a get method which going to get that get products route. So now we're going to get nothing. So first I'm going to create that create product route. Right. So it should be a post method and in the post method uh it should be a protected. So product and also only admin can add the product beside now I can make that as create product right. So we need to create that uh create product functionality by which we can go and make that. So what we can do similar of that controllers of the users we will create that product controllers dot js.

[02:25:03]
Now over here first one we're going to create that our create product method. So of course we need to bring back our entire segment. We need to get our product model. We need to get our cloudinary by which we can update the uh user uh activity and others. And by the way we didn't try that our up. Okay. Did did we uh configure our cloudinary? I think we configure but we didn't test that one. No we didn't configure our cloudinary. Okay. Okay. We can we can update we can create an update whenever we're using the product because we can also do that for the users particularly which we didn't do it yet because every user like if we just just go over here in our user model not user I think in the user route. So over here uh we didn't we didn't implement that one update user allow updates avatar. Yeah, that's the one I was painting. Anyway, we can go and fix create that

[02:26:00]
one. Then we're going to also pass that code right here. Okay. So for the product crowd in the product controller, we can do a lot of things to be implementing that. So first one is that we can do the first one to get the get method. But right now as we doesn't have the product, we're going to create that for that create product. Okay. So con create product which going to passing that async handler. And let's see sync should be request like that request and response. So from there what we are going to do we're going to grab a lot of things from the as you can see that should be recommending parameter over here we're going to get the name description price category brand image discount percentage and stock. This entire calculation going to be coming from the request body. So that's that's the problem it going to we're going to face also we're going to uploading the images because as you can see in the request body it should not

[02:27:00]
work like that we need to pass it in the params especially whenever if we are facing something whenever we are updating the product that one we can calculate over here on we are just updating product from the server like from the admin portion here because here the image proportion going to work perfectly so we're going to fix that but right Now as we are triggering that one according to the uh body here. So if it's not helping we can just customize that. So no worries about that. Now what we going to do the first thing first? Same what we did for the user. We're going to first check check if product with same name exist. We are just going to differentiate using the name over here. You can do with the other parameter also if you're looking forward to. So cost should be the product exist and the product uh and that should be let's say await and that going to be matching with our the model over here product dotfind one and we're

[02:28:00]
going to just go with that and we are going to finding that according to the name if uh the product exist is available means the product is available right there we just simply go and return passing response which going to be that response status 400 product with this name already active. So you cannot enter a multiple product with the same name. That's what we are uh just not providing that. And now here we are going to make that upload let's say image to cloudinary. Okay cloudinary. So we are going to push that one for a bit right now. And also we're going to go in that our product model. And in the product model what we're going to do in every single product as you can see require true. We're just going to skip that part right now just for this one. Later on we're going to implementing that. So now the cloudinary implementation we're going to skip that for a bit because here we're going to save that one. Now what we're going to do con product and that should be is equal to outdate and then going to pass on that product dot

[02:29:02]
create uh create and on the create mechanism we're going to simply pass that as a name and also pass in the description. We're going to pass the price. We're going to pass that category. We're going to pass that let's say brand. And also we're going to pass that let's say discount percentage. If the discount percentage is available then okay fine. Otherwise we're going to pass that as a zero value because we don't want to keep that as an empty. And also stock if uh stock if the stock is coming directly from the scenario we're going to provide this stock otherwise we're going to pass that as the zero and right now uh okay uh if the stock is available I think it should be or value zero and for right now I'm going to make that image as an empty value right now because we're going to provide the secure URL later on and here what we going to do if We have

[02:30:00]
the product then what we going to do? We're going to simply restore status which going to be coming as a 201 remember when we create the user which going to helping us to provide the message and also we're going to pass that JSON and in the JSON we're going to pass our entire product data so that you can easily understand if it's nothing is available then pass the same thing uh I think this time invalid product data so you can simply pass that invalid product data that's it and from here we can simply Simply make that export. Let's say that should be create product. And in our product route, we can simply import that one as the create product and controller. Don't forget to provide the JS. Now what I'm going to do, I'm going to go pretty uh pretty decent way so that you can understand it very easily. So what I'm going to do, I'm going to create another folder here which going to taking all the segment for our products. So that should be products and in the products I'm going

[02:31:00]
to create one more route here and a request here which going to coming through for create product create product and that should not be a get it would be a post method or post request here. So I'm going to copy one of the request here. So API that much would be enough. So let's go remove that remove that updated add. So all the other which is not required I'm going to just passing to remove it. So the product this is the product route. Okay create product. So API for/ okay for/ API then I'm going to go in my uh index. Let's see what's the route we providing. API for/ products. So products and if we hit we should get something. You see that's uh not connected. Okay. So API for/ products. So we are missing something. Okay. Something is broken right here. What is that? Uh what's actually is

[02:32:00]
working not found middleware cm. So okay uh imported at user baby M. Okay. In the product route we use the middleware which it was not finding. Okay. This the one clinary we didn't like created that one so it's not finding that anyway uh and also one more parameter could be uh models product model okay cool in the product controllers we're having the controllers what's the problem here cannot find okay document okay middleware imported server product route oh where we use that in the product route we use the O middleware uh where we use create the product route blah blah blah okay use that admin or others okay it should providing the line also

[02:33:05]
the problem I think it was the middleware here you see the all middleware should be JS see the problem is right here how you can find it. So that's be careful. Even me myself having the problem. Okay, not authorize no token. It's because as you can see in the users we need to have the authorization for that. So let's go directly here. We're going to login with the user. So where we are having our we going to login user and we're going to try with the admin. So let's say uh admin@gmail.com. Let's log and what we need is that we need to have the token. So let's grab the token. And after grabbing the token, you're going to go create the product over here. And in the headers, we're going to uh add that like in the O let's say in the barrier to bearer token. We're just going to remove that passing that hit enter. And as you can see, cannot distract property name. So we need to have those kind of property value right here. Of course, we're going

[02:34:01]
to pass that any good masses. But right now, we know what's actually we are doing. So what we going to do? We're going to go in the body and over here we're going to select for the raw body data JSON. So in the object we're going to provide a name. Let's say we're going to provide name and that could be test product. And after that we're going to also having that let's say description description and in some text for test product and after that we're going to also grabbing the price and in the price I think it is is a number property of course that should be so in the product model need to be careful about those things. So as you can see number, stock number, price number. Okay, good. So the price value I'm going to provide 100. And also we need to provide that after the price we need to provide the

[02:35:01]
category. So let's say we're going to get grab the category. So it should be just category and then it going to getting the brand. So let's go the brand and I'm passing that test brand and after that the discount percentage which I'm going to provide that as 20 and after that stock and image so let's say stock going to be 20 that's it hit enter now we should be able to see the product valition category cast to object ID failed it because first before creating the product remember in the product model we are developing a mechanism by which we need to provide the schema to user we have the user but remember it doesn't have the category doesn't have

[02:36:00]
the brand so we need to create those things because it going to highlight it according to that particular brand data so now what we can do as you can see we're going to create those brand property right now So what I'm going to do right here. So that should be in our product route. We're going to create a different route for to like the create the brand and also the others that could be I'm just going to bring that together. So that should be similar property over here. You can easily understand. So in the band routes what we are doing we're experiencing to providing the express route parameter and here we are providing some kind of parameter data here. one in the head route which going to get brands and the product which going to be create the brand data right and in that id we can create brand by id and also we can update the brand if is the admin like protected and only admin can do that action and also we can delete the brand so what we are doing actually four action one is the get brand one is that create brand then get brand by ID the similar of the get brands and also uh

[02:37:02]
like it's a single brand only coming we can update we can delete so this is the brand ID and also So we can simply get that brand controller here. So let's go bring back and why I'm passing that like that because now you know what's the things can be done like that. So you understand those things right? So it's very simple to decipher go on that again the colinary parameter I'm going to skip for right now. So the cloudinary or I think we can set the colinary because we're using it and it can make messy things around. So I'm going to go in our let's say to adopt the colonary we will simply go directly over in our config here. So in the config the colonary okay it's already here but we need to provide the key right. So you know this already set up is there. So in the colonary what's actually is happening uh we are uploading those things. So first one is getting the get brand and this is the description for this providing the data in that way. You can keep it or you can remove it if you wanted to. Now in the get brands we are just getting the

[02:38:01]
brands according to all the brands we're getting and for the get brand by ID we are passing the ID in the request params id and then we are getting actual if there is brand available we are passing the brand otherwise an error and you can dstructure it in a decent way if you're looking forward to and to create the brand we're getting the name and image from the request body and if the brand is exist according to the name like a single band cannot have multiple name A a brand should have a single name and that can go according to that and if brand is exist providing the error. If the image URL is not there it can grab the image URL like result we can upload in the cloudinary then we can simply get the secure URL from there and we can simply save the brand there. If the image URL there okay otherwise the URL is undefined. Now if the brand is there we are providing status is 201 which is created then passing the brand as in the JSON and after that also updating the brand the similar fashion getting the

[02:39:01]
name and image from the body and the brand requiring the params we are capturing actual brand right there because it's going to passing through directly the params for getting the value if brand is available then okay fine if image is undefined we can set the image in a new way otherwise we can just pass the secure URL After that we're updating our new brand and then that's done. Now for the delayed brand is there same the async handler what is coming first we're getting the brand and then we are deleting one according to that particular ID that's it. So now this is the one which we are publishing the mechanism. So this is the brand for that and then another which going to be coming for the category one the similar fashion the same thing just one or two fields going to be uh some of the decipher over there. So what I'm going to do I'm going to drop that route over here. So that would be our category routes consisting the same parameter same data layer just coming some more and the swagger is already added here and then getting of the get categories

[02:40:00]
and also create categories that's the one thing then it's coming to get that get category by ID update category delete categories similar the brand data and also for the controller for the category we can also pass the category controller here so uh Okay. So let's go bring back the category controller. So in the category controller we are going to also passing the similar fashion. As you can see we're getting the controller and then over here in the category controller uh as you can see oh okay oops we just deployed the category route here should not be should be passing that category uh route. So I'm going to grab that category controller. Now in the category controller the same as the brand. So first we're going to using the pagination right here. You can see things getting interesting because it's not getting differentiate what because for the brand having some few brands but for the categories we are

[02:41:01]
using the pagination. As you can see we have a multiple you can just go and view the next p uh categories from there. So in the pagination should set up what we are doing first in the get categories method the pination is going by. So first we are declaring as the page one I'm keeping all the comment section right here. So you can go through the code you can understand it you can uh get things the way you are feeling better so that you can understand in a good mechanism. So first of all what actually we are implementing first we're getting the page. So parsing it we're getting the uh getting the page from the data layer and also we're getting the request. The request always going to coming as a string value. So now we are making it first integer. We're getting the page value if there is no we're getting the default is one. Same the per page keeping the default as 20. Sortter order uh sort order is getting the ascending as by default of ascending value. Now validated page and per page. So that's the way we are validating the page and per page. We're validating

[02:42:00]
validating the sort order also. And then we're skipping through the value to just use the proper skip value properties. Also, we're providing the total number which the category dot count documents. You can see here we can see the value of total. You can see the total number of 17. We can actually grab it, right? And then we're getting the categories. So we're getting actually all the categories. We're passing the skip majority of that. As you can see, we're getting the page minus one. Then also multiply like multiplying with the per page. So one page getting 20, two page getting 40. So every incremental value is going to provide on that. Then also providing the source value getting the total pages. So all entire total divide per page. If we have the 40 like right now we have the 70 product here. I'm making the per page 10 here. So if we divide we get two page. So that's the two page you are viewing. The first page getting first 10, the second one getting the last seven. So that's the one in the response. JSON we're providing the categories providing total page purpose

[02:43:02]
total pages now here is the deal the same setup you can do it for your users for your brand so this two I keep it for you you people can try I implemented others others all route should have those functionality page purpose pagation others everything is right there now get category by ID getting a single category the similar thing we're just grabbing the ID then if ID category is available passing the category otherwise string the error. Now creating the category in the creating category we're getting the name image category type in the request body. So now if the name is not like is not string then we're providing the error here then also we are validating the category type featured hot categories top category. So the category type it should be there. If is no match with that invalid category type then the category first we are sending like selecting the category type either if category type is mismatch then we are throwing the error then we are

[02:44:01]
checking the category exist. So the every single category should be having a unique name not a single it should not be a multiple category in the same name. Then if category exists throwing the error. If the image URL is not there, we can set the image URL according to the same setup of the cloudinary. Then we're getting the category name image URL then the category type and if the category created passing the category otherwise throwing the error. the similar pattern for the update category like the validated the types and passing the mechanism and the same of that mechanism working for the delete category as you can see find by one then we are deleting the category and we are passing our entire value segment so right now I'm going to go in our index file here then we're going to make that app dot use so right uh we're going to create a multiple I'm going to bring it top here so because before products we need to uh create our uh brand So like brand and category. So I'm going to keep it at the

[02:45:00]
top layer of that. So let's just move it at the top. So first uh it should be our let's say brands brands and here it should be uh brands route. Okay. So should be brands route. Why the route segment is not coming? That was the tricky. So I'm going to just bring the two together. So one should be okay I'm going to keep the category top category routes and the brand rows that should be our two separate routes. So the category and brand let's just bring that route two at the top. Okay if we put that I think everything working perfectly fine. So now let's go back to in our over here. So what I'm going to do in the products first of all I'm going to create a create a branch right I'm going to go one by one. So over here I'm can I can duplicate that one. So this one we say

[02:46:03]
create brands and instead of the products this should be passing the route of brands. If we hit enter we should receive something okay test product. Okay as you can see because we are providing those things here and it's accessing the image and other property. As you can see, we're providing a lot of things, but it's just taking the name of the brand and the image, right? So, we should not providing a lot of things right here. So, it should just getting the name and image. So, the name should be our let's say test brand. Okay, hit enter. And the test brand is created. I'm going to go in our database. This just happen to be refresh the data. Now as we have the users we should have the you see the brand categories products all three now is right there. So now I'm going to this the test product I'm going to remove

[02:47:00]
that. So we have a test brand. We're going to create a simple product right now. So first of all we are having that test brand. Now we are going to duplicate that one. So let's just uh duplicate and that should be coming as a create category. So create category and over here there should be category I think. So that's the route setup. So create uh categories not category. Okay. In the categories. So let's go in our category controller here. I want to see what kind of things required to create the category. So first of all to create the category we need to provide the those things. create category uh in name image category type. So we have the name. So in the name it should be coming as so we need to have the type let's say it should be passing new arrival

[02:48:01]
and that should be category image I'm going to still escaping because image we're going to hold it once we are doing in our bracket invalid category type so now as you can see for The category type if you go in our category model. So category model. So in the category model we are featuring those either the hot categories, top categories should be featured. So we cannot use like whatever the name we are looking forward. So those data remember on we are going to create the category especially from here we can see whatever you cannot enter more than that. So we're going to not maximizing that. We're going to limit the user not to implement those. If we send now, we should be happen to be create the category. So you can see so now we have the category, we have the brand. So now what we need to do, you see the ID of the category, right? I'm going to copy

[02:49:00]
that. I'm going to go to create my product here. For the category, I need to pass that ID, right? And also for our uh let's say we going to have also I think hit save uh create category create brand and also in the brand I need to grab and pass that ID. So like that and if we hit enter so right now we should be able to get the brand and like create the product. If we go to see our product and right now as you can see we are now having our product a fully structured product which can utilize and use it now you can try the create mechanism update mechanism delete mechanism everything it will work perfectly I know I guarantee that to you and whenever I'm going to pass in the code and how you can get the code that was the really good question for you people so right now what I need to do if I want to provide you the code as you can see the env right so I'm going to create another function over

[02:50:00]
here which going to be let's say I'm going to copy that paste again that should be uh I'm going to make that env dot example okay so that's the one I'm going to pass that to you so that you can use directly here uh okay so I'm going to copy that and like that So okay so simply you can remove you can exclude on that in the g ignore I'm going to uh like I'm going to uh use that env or you can make that let's say I'm going to create it like example env so example env so that it can directly go in your push method so now here I'm going to implement that so right now how we going to provide the code to you right you need to have the code somehow right so

[02:51:00]
how we can do that remember the GitHub repository which I'm going to just promise you to provide and it's it will already in the description over there you can grab it and you can use it so I'm going to tackle some different mechanism over there as you can see especially here the showy uh not here the baby mart y so that is the repository which you are grabbing in the main you're going to have the main setup right so what I'm going to do Instead of creating the name here, I'm going to go and take another repository. I'm going to create that G checkout. I'm going to make a branch. The branch should be server setup. And as you can see, we are now in the server setup. Let's say I'm going to make that get at dot get commit. And let's put a message server setup initialized. And let's say get push. Uh okay, I need

[02:52:01]
to provide that get push your origin server setup. So now it going to push that code directly in that repo here. So now what it going to do? As you can see, I need to change the branch. If I go in the server setup now I can see my entire code structure and as you can see okay it's ignore in the server I should not be able to see okay ah&b is coming it should not be so okay I I need to change some setup anyway what I'm going to do I'm going to just copy that I I I don't want to provide that the URI to you. It's not a good practice. But of course, I'm going to get the error right now. It it going to just uh start crying like from the everywhere that I leak one error here. So, let's say get add dot getit.

[02:53:00]
I need to change the envir get push. So right now if we just check if we go in the ENV. Okay. Yeah, it's good. So what I'm going to do, I'm going to just use it right here. Okay, you're cool. We're good to go. So right now you can find entire code structure, entire simple code scenario over here. So you can simply use it directly from here and it will be fine for you to go and initialize that. So right now what I'm going to do I'm going to provide all other properties all other parameter because we need to build a separate client uh admin and the ser admin and client and apps going to be a lot of hacky task. So now as we have the product route what kind of more routes we are going to have. So I'm going to just initialize those things then we're going to go and implement start building the setup. So if we go directly in our

[02:54:00]
server so let's go in our index package here. So we are having that products route and others. So in over those parameters we are going to have some more route setup. So if I just go into provide and put that initialization. So I'm going to just bring it all together. So I'm going to just grab it. So no worries of that. So here we are going to have some more route setup of that. So first of all if I go directly here as you can see we're going to have our let's say that's the product after product we're going to have the banner routes right banner is test route or route wish list routes c routes analytics routes payment routes now what I recommend you whenever I'm explaining even it's just going to be taken half an hour be listen carefully just see what I'm just explaining to you because you need to understand those things because right now we're not going to hit with the postman to create any data. So

[02:55:00]
whatever the data we have been created using the postman for your understanding I think that would be enough. So now I want you to figure out to learn what kind of route setup we're going to create because right now what I'm going to do is that to implement that one directly in our admin panel and also directly reflect in our client side because the same thing I need to explain one and one why I created those those pH just that you can understand how a backend structure can work. So now we're going to go directly in a full phase so that it can utilize to you. So the first one we're going to explain is that banner house take your time stay stick here because that will be very very important that you understand that otherwise you're going to pass the error then you you may cry that why no is not working with me but trust me you have a lot of complaint about the people are doing that why is working with you not with me because of those things you people are sometimes skipping to listen so first for the banner we're going to

[02:56:00]
go and create the banner and not to create I'm going to bring back to you. So let's go directly over here in the route setup we're going to have our banner routes. What's is the banner route? Same thing I already implemented the swagger for you. In the route parameter we're going to get the entire banners portion and only the admin can create the banner. So create banner method and then from the banner we can get banner by ID update banner delete banner. Right. So now what we need to do is to make that banner controller over here. So let's go directly implement the banner controller. The same thing get banners providing the entire banners. Now for the banner I'm not going to making the presentation because it going to only two three banners right there because what we are using especially in the home uh as you can see that's the banner data is coming from there. Okay. And we can get banner by ID. We can also create banner name title start from image banner type. And that's going to creating our banner. And like that we can update the banner

[02:57:01]
and also we can delete the banner. That's it. So that's the banner data is implemented. And also for our banner route setup we also can go through implement all the route parameter from there. So what I'm going to do uh I think I'm going to provide it's all at the top. So the banner should be at the top here. I'm going to comment the other parts. Okay. So right now I will I I will check that one if it's running or not. So now we got the banner route and after the banner route what's the next route is that we are providing our stats orders wish list card analytics and payment. So I'm going to bring all of those route together to you. So uh 1 2 3 4 let's say five six. So that would be the banner route like other parameter and also I'm going to

[02:58:00]
bring the controller. So the controller going to exceed on that state controller, payment controller, order and then cur banner already have analytics controller. Okay. And also what I'm going to do I'm going to remove that alternative scenario here and also that can be remebrance to remove those scenario here. If we are missing anything we can just simply get one hit. Okay. So right now what's we are expecting is that to create the entire route segment and setup. So first of all we need to implement we need to see the state route in the state states actually getting the states data as you can see we can having the account parameter and also we can see the statistics that's the how it going to divine to provide the data for me and what actually it's going to do is that we are getting the route and get stats one single parameter and what we're getting we're getting the user count from the user documents we're

[02:59:00]
getting the products count categories count brands count orders count that all are coming from particularly of that model and what we're doing we are also counting the revenue data you know from that particular instances we are calculating the total revenue from there and also we're getting the uh rows like whatever the rows we are having then we are aggregate according to the rows distribution then we are also making that category distribution as you can see this entire dist uh like differentiation is just coming right here we have users revenue orders products and also the category data whatever the product is no sale and others. So all are explaining from that test uh data over here as you can see total value and the categories distribution user roles distribution we have 7% admin users 93%. So that's how the brand distribution is there which brand product is more so all distribution is coming from there and after the category distribution we have the brand distribution here then we are

[03:00:00]
passing the entire value segment according to the stats which going to getting that as a test value property. So this is the one then we're having the orders. So in the orders what we are actually doing we are happen to be creating the orders. So as you can see we can get the orders for get only we can get the all orders for the admin and then we're getting the orders only for like to like get orders for the user which is protect and create orders from card value is there and then also we are getting that for the get order according to the ID which can user can get order by ID user can delete the order is up to the user and also there you can get the order status so also the protect method only user can get that then also the put method to update the order status which can happen to be working with that web hook status. Now we're going to go with that our get orders admin. Now the admin going to get all the orders and the pagination going to work for that filter going to work for that

[03:01:01]
status going to work for there and then we're going to making scheme value to calculate the data and in the orders we're populating for the user ID name email and the item property and other we're providing the uh total value property and also we are transforming the orders according to that and after that we are passing the entire orders you see the transform orders total we are providing in the function so we're getting the orders data From there then also we are happen to be create order from the cart and in the order controller we are creating order from the cart by getting the items shipping address and if there is no item no shipping address we are providing the error over there and if there is no address city blah blah blah we are also providing the error then we are checking if the items is valid and if it's valid then we are providing the returning that product ID name quantity image parameter we're calculating the total value then we are creating order with the pending status because the first init

[03:02:01]
initialization is getting as a pending and that is actually triggering over here if you go in over in this parameter and the proceed to check out once with the pay with string that's the when it's things is triggering that's the when it's getting things done so that's the when the order is created and passing that method and after that in the orders created we can also delete order accordingly you know we are passing the ID and with the ID we can delete if the admin only can delete the uh order we are putting that also the user can delete if you are looking that too then we can also update the order status which can simply get that order I will remove that not require those things if request body is there passing the request is missing body is missing then from the request body we're grabbing the status payment ID intent ID stripe session ID that's all we're going to pass that to there directly Okay, then we are validating the status. Pending, paid, complete, cancelled. According to this status, we are forwarding the

[03:03:00]
value. If it's error, we are providing the error. Otherwise, we are getting the order first. If there is no order, passing the error. If there is order, we are okay, I'm going to remove that log, not require. And then if there is request user, so first we're getting the owner admin is painting. We are disappearing all the setup. You can see you can read the comment to understand it better. Then if there is user is not admin and not owner or order is pending you can deny the access that could be true for that and if that okay we are preparing the update to the order according to the status and the updated app. So we are updating like if the pending like paid then we are making the payment intent and if the status session ID we are providing the session ID and also the updated value. Now here you can see after the at the end we are updating the order. So also we are disabling validation to avoid shipping address issues just to testify on that. Then we are providing the order status updated. So among all of the things the order is

[03:04:02]
little bit complicated. So what I recommend you go through that status you know also for the update order status you can see how we are going to just using the parameter to update our entire order segment. Feel free to go there. This is the one of the complicated one but once you understand that's very simple and for the wish list item we're getting all the like wish list product and also we're getting the app to wish list remote to wish list and then get wish list products. So if you go directly here get user wish list is that we are finding the user according to the ID which we are providing there and then we're getting the select method as a wish list. If there is no user throwing error if user we are providing the user wish list data and add to wish list passing through a product id. So whenever you can see in the baby mart if we are adding that we are requesting that one in our database because that is the where is saving there and what we're doing if there is no product we are

[03:05:00]
passing getting the product ID from there because we are saving the product ID in our database not the entire product it can happen for the card it can happen for the wish list it can happen for the orders we are just putting the ids not the entire product data which can like it can you know every time we are saving something in database all a data so if we put some data my database operation going to be going to be much more heavy which I don't want it to happen so that's why we keep it like that way now after that if there is no product ID providing the error if there is the product we are providing if there is no product first of all we're providing the error if there is the user okay if there is no user providing the error the same thing if there is user wish list includes the product ID We already see the product already in wish list you know that could not be happen but even though put a check if the product is already in wish list then we are adding in the wish list user wish wish list push the product ID

[03:06:00]
await the user say we are providing the response that's it the similar thing the remove from wish list the same parameter the same checker is happening this time we are just removing that user save we are removing or filtering whatever the ID we are passing instead of instead of the state we we are using our actual database and for the get wish list products you see that's the trick typical things here so now whenever we are going to grab that wish list item if I go here I have only ids how I can get you see if we go cart response getting little bit weight if you go in the wish list you see little bit more weight so it because of that products which I'm getting here so now what I'm doing if there is no product ids or no array of product ids and throw an error that product ID is required to get that product and for the products await product find we are passing that in all the products ID and also the populate the category and the name and providing the products from there. So that's the way we are getting entire products using

[03:07:01]
the product ID. Now after the clear wish list if you just come back here and if we just go directly clear all the wish list we can simply do that you see and that is happening here with a function and find by one user user ID we're getting the entire user and user do wishlist we're making it empty very simple user save that's it so this is pretty decent one to go with that also happen to be the card routes in the card route you can see the route is the protect route card do use which is the protect And then in the card router we have the get card and also the at uh add item to card delete which is the clear card update card and also that's it. So delete update and add. So if we go in our add to card or get card get card is getting to the according to the user you know the path is the card card ID model is the product. So that's how we propulate the product you no user pro providing the error we're validating the items then passing the validated items

[03:08:01]
to the directly to get the card and also for added add item to the cart is that we're getting the product ID and the quantity as one from the request body and here we are providing the validation for that and then we're getting the product if the product is already in the cart we're providing the product not found you know this can be there if there is no product you We can find found the error. If there is no user provide the error and also the existing index we are checking on that then we are providing all the validation and providing the path name to get the populate the data and after that we are passing that valid card items. That's how we're going to go that also the updated cart you can see that this also simply providing all the data layer. Then also getting the remove item from card which actually removing entire item from the cart. We are having the clear card. Similar as a wish list, we are just making the empties properties over there. Okay. After the card, we are

[03:09:00]
going to get that analytics. So that's where we're going to get enter analytics. So feel free to go explore that also having the payment routes. So this route I'm going to talk about also you're going to make the payment as a lot of things going to be implementing there coming of the payment intent coming with this tribe web hook. So I don't want to explain right now once we're going to dealing with that we can explain. So right now what I'm going to do I'm going to also uh like dispatching that entire things to you. So let's just go over here. I'm going to minim okay not like that. I'm going to go grab the value. So let's go env. So I'm going to just copy those things. I don't know uh it's because maybe the folder is structure. What I'm going to do now? I'm going to provide the entire code structure to you. So my entire setup of the server is now with you. It add comit

[03:10:02]
server setup done. Hit push. So now what we can do is here uh okay uh what is that? Some refs. Okay. uh location controller something has anyway I I will pass that to you it's just happened to be uh getting some of the error which is parsing on that value no worries about that we will fix that so I'm going to provide that to you so no worries about that it can go directly to there is because you see the payment controller right here is grabbing the secret so I don't want to be yeah that's a that's a good that's the one here. So, it's uh avoiding me to go directly over there. It cannot push there. So, what I'm going to do, I added that one. I removed that. So, let's just add this one and update it the payment

[03:11:02]
controller. Okay, let's commit this time and I'm going to push directly here. Okay, I think that should be enough for that. Okay, right now I got that good and passing over there. So, let's go try to mark over here in the server. So, we should be happen to be get everything good. The payment controller we need to check. So, let's go in the controller and we're going to try with using the payment controller. So, that's the payment controller here. And then in number eight, I think yeah, that yeah, that's that's okay. We're good. So now as you can see what's is now most important to you to try to check entire setup get everything first then run in the server okay now fix everything you see all the I think the example is not required you can see the env here you need to fill the data within the env

[03:12:00]
file and then it will be fine with you and I think I need to remove that example env because we are using that uh directly here so that should be a good cause here so right now I'm going to just use that let's say example env removed and that should become a clear get so now you can grab the entire segment right here so now I think that would be a good practice to you people so you try and because later on what we are going to do is to create our entire setup to build our server so as you can see that should be building our admin so as we are server our our server is ready if you go directly here and what is causing the error is because neither API key note okay uh stripe it's because the stripe you need to get grab the stripe uh configuration here otherwise you're going to gra get the error because we use the stripe there in the payment so you better pull that two stripe secret key so wherever you are using the stripe

[03:13:00]
secret you can see right here in the payment we use so we need to find that and you need to use it so that's the one which is the handling the error so if we want to not to show the error for right now. What we can do it will show the error for sure because as coming the secret you need to be uh putting something else. So what we can do we can just simply pass something I think we can do that. Yeah. Okay. Anyway, yeah that's that's the one is working or it going to yeah it's working. So you can just put some value here. Now if we go directly in our local host 8000. So local host 8,000 and over here if you go in the API docs you can see you have a valid structure of data by which you can testify all the parameter whatever you are you can authorize use use that directly and you can use that from the browser configuration. So right now this is the safety net for till now. What we need to do is that okay I'm going to also uh I'm going to make that as test

[03:14:02]
secret or you can say your stripe secret will go here so that you will not get the error that should be working properly. describe error test. Okay. So now what I need to do basically we can just start building our dashboard. So right now as you see in the server setup we are pulling entire setup on that we have the server setup. Now we're going to create another branch where we're going to go and make that admin setup because as you know our server is must required for our entire application. So we need to initialize the server first. So we did that. Now what you going to do? You need to take a pretty decent understanding about all the setup here. It's pretty complicated but you need to go one by one all the setup details and others how we made

[03:15:01]
that how we going to handling that how we going to generating all the setup configuration. Then later on we're going to use our like the admin model like the admin admin application where we can access entire things directly. So all the best finish that then next we're going to build our admin portion. Hello everyone. In our previous video, we just finished to set up our server. We did everything to make our server up and running which as you can see are running from the local host 8000 and uh API docs. You can see and as you can see every single scenario all the data structures is right here. If you still didn't finish that just try to watch the video. I'm going to just hook up the link in the description. Besides you can also find the entire code segment on that babyar to bitey which is just an star setup. If you just change your directory as the server setup you can find entire code segment especially for the server setup all are available here also the link it will be in the

[03:16:00]
description. So feel free to go from there and if you want to watch the video you know the already is in that uh like you your video is tagging in the playlist so you can just find the first one from there. So what we are going to make today is our admin portion. As you can see that is the admin. If you loged out that will be the initial setup for the admin and from there you can make the sign up with the form and also you can make the sign in from the form. And as you can see I'm running directly in the production. So I'll just simply go and try to login as an admin. So I say gmail.com and I'm going to put my password over here. That's it. And after entering if everything validated as you can see I'm using as an admin flag. So means I'm an admin user and from there it's also a toggle responsive one. So if you just go and just minimize it you can see how the way it can capturing together. So first of all your admin dashboard going to be a very very important things for your business because you're going to get all of your calculations all of your uh dashboard

[03:17:01]
scenario from the admin which is really connected to the server. Now of course we're going to have in our client application but it will not hold that much data the way the admin going to be holding because this one it will be your eye opener about your business. So what kind of things you going to have in our dashboard we can view our total users total products over there how many categories we have brands total orders and total revenue from there. So we can actually see every single scenario from watching the dashboard we know what's happening around our business. We have the categories distribution, user role distribution, we have the brand distribution over here. Then we're also having the account and the accounts going to holding all the account purposes. As you can see we have the paid orders, pending orders and revenue total orders and like a data and also kind of bestselling products whatever the products is right there recent orders we can view and also the products which is the moving faster like performance like sell products and no

[03:18:01]
sales product which is moving faster and which is not moving at all. In that way we can understand what kind of products we need to get more in our production layer. And then we also going to have the user basis and from the users you can add more users. You can if you wanted to you can edit user you can delete user if you wanted to like this one I can simply delete and it will be disappeared from there. I know it will be disappeared. We're going to fix every single thing because so many people they're using in the production you know lots of people they are just trying it. So I don't want to uh let them go from there. So I'm going to keep it like that. Okay, no worries about that. And also you can filter according to the role like I can see whatever the users is right there or how many admins is right there. So I think I'm only one admin right here right now. So I don't want others to be making so many things here. And also I can search based on the user. So every single thing working perfectly aligned. I can refresh the user. There is the presentation setup which I really didn't finish it because

[03:19:01]
there is some tax for you you know hidden tax which you will fill up and I'm going to tell you how you can fill. So that's why I'm creating some of the loophole which you need to fill up but the code it will be there. If you cannot do it you can directly go back to the code you can fill it up yourself. So first of all if you just go in the orders here in the orders as you can see there is the presentation working that what I told you I was keeping that one by in purpose. Now in the orders view we can see our order details like about the order we can just view the order entire segment details and also we can edit the order you know if it's pending if I just go and make it uh let's say is paid and it will flag at is paid so as you can see the order is paid I can do anything as an admin you know so also from there you can directly get the status by pending or also you can go by paid by pending so whatever the things you are looking forward to by the way if you just want make the search on D. You can see how the way is reflecting. So everything going to working perfectly align and then we are having our

[03:20:02]
invoices. So now it's the most important part in any business that you going to generating invoices for the people. But how you can do it? We are using some of the plug-in which is really helpful to build the entire setup from the scratch. So now this is my orders. I want to generate one invoice according to that. Just click is generated at the bottom. I can now preview the invoice. As you can see, I can see my logo, my address and the invoice date, due date and also the summary of the biller. Then the order details, the product details, subtotal, tax, shipping and entire cost total. Also the note terms and condition. Thank you for your business. And then baby shop, you know, every single notable things which is required for running a production level business. You can find it right here. Now from there you can generate like if I want to generate this one and if I see the preview that's the one which is generated. So and also you can do one more thing you can share it. You can share, you can copy the link, you can share the link from there. You can share in WhatsApp, Telegram,

[03:21:00]
Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, whatever you want. You can print the invoice. If you click, it will print. You can also download the invoice as you can see how you can do that. You can just connect. This is the downloader. So, it will just go and open in a new window so that you can download. I will just do one more time. You can see. So, that's how you can do. So, this is the open. You can print, download, do anything you are looking forward to. You can also search by status and also you can search by anything. Now here is the most important part where we're going to fill up the data layer. This is the one of the fundamental part which is really required to understand. This is our banner right. So our banner is going we not putting anything static pretty much everything coming from the server and also doing in a lightweight. So here what we are doing as you can see we have the best deals today banner and also the hot this week. We can add more banner if you want. We can edit the banner we want. And you can see we can go the title this like the name, title, start from hot deal. And also we can update the image from there. Also, we're having

[03:22:02]
the product. Now pretty much everything the way I showed you this the simple categories working for everywhere. So we're going to just hook up there. Now for the product, you know how we are refill refilling? We are connecting every single product with particular brand and category. Without that, you can't upload the product. you need to keep bear in mind when you are uploading that. So this is the way we can go with that. We can go in the ascending descending format. We can refresh the data. Then also we are going to have our categories where the similar of that you know how we link up the categories. Then we are having the brand all the brands going to be jumping over there. So this is kind of things which going to make your application layer pretty much smooth. Now like you can do anything from here. You want to update a new product you can just upload it from here. And also in the demo the first one I explain I do a lot of things there. So I don't want to go over and over it's not so worthy. So we're going to start jump to build our things. First of all if I logged out as you can see without

[03:23:01]
logged in I can't go in the dashboard. No it will never it will never ever let me go in my dashboard. So let's say let's go in the dashboard. Never. Oh this this one is not found I think. Okay. I think for slash account. Okay, this is the note phone page. Really? I will try one more. Let's say admin. Okay, if we go from here. Okay, this is the admin. Okay, this is the dashboard and here what's the uh this is the account. Okay, so this is the account. Suppose this the link is should be exposed together. If I try to go and try to access that. No. Uh there is some refresh error. uh we we're going to fix it because uh it's coming from the domain as we using as you can see on server reload we just need to go directly from the route we I can fix it but I'm going to fix it once we are delving in the production that's I'm keeping that problem till now so stay with that we're going to fix at the end like whenever you are deploying any

[03:24:02]
various application inversal why these things is happening like any route except the home if you just route your your page don't know where to go because it's need to be redirect from the home that it can access other routes but right now it can't access only in the home it going to work perfectly other route if you reload it will be having problem you're going to fix that too so right now let's go out from there also you know what to do if you want to just clone that you can just simply clone it and open it now our admin is running from here so let's go is this is the dummy admin setup is there so now what we going to do we're going to cd into admin let's make npmi I think already everything installed npmi I think it's installed. So let's okay npm run there. So it going to start running our application within the local host 5173 which is the vid uh like the default port. So now this is the baby merge admin dashboard complete administrative control panel to your e-commerce platform. We don't want any

[03:25:01]
dummy. We're going to build everything from the scratch and also here the thing is that our especially if you see the tailwind CSS is set up already there. Shhatshen also uh set up. So as you can see you can find the utils right here which is coming from the shhatshen you know tin shenan everything is set up. So you just need to go jump on the build make things up. So now what I'm going to do I'm going to go in my app.tsx. This is the where everything going to come in from. I'm going to delete everything. Take a simple deep structure over here. Let's take a p tag uh like a simple p tag. So that should be baby m admin. Hit save. And we are now here baby M admin. And from this one we're going to turn it into this one entirely to build our entire structure. So let's jump and build this things together. So first we're going to set up our route and all the entire layout setup. As you can see the pages and others. Then we're going to go directly to assign our

[03:26:00]
server setup and others. So first of all what I'm going to do we need to create some pages especially because as we are working with the VJS so there will be no custom like the next page how is supporting it will not be there. So what we going to do we're going to use that react route route go and read documentation and that can make a lot of sense. So it's uh we are not going to use the old React router. We're going to use the React router which is the new one. A user offices standards focused multi strategy router you can deploy anywhere. So I'm going to go with the documentation from the documentation what I the scenario to understand it better but for me it just be alongside that I know how it going to work and what the things what are the things I need to go and keep in the motion. So first of all we need to install the dependency from there and that is the version seven not

[03:27:00]
the six. So now this is upgrading an other I'm going to go directly in the installation process. So this is how you can start by creating a react router like router project and then go with that. But as you can as you know I'm going to go with the setting uh setup with that. So you're going to get the create router latest my react router app. So we are not needing that one. But first of all this is the view template. If we go the routing and installation uh okay this is their documentation is little bit I think they upgrade it little bit. So what I'm going to go I'm going to go directly in the mpm just to go and easily be done from there should be react open my terminal and I'm going to take another one remember whenever I'm going to take a new terminal it going to be always in the root if I put alice you can see I'm in the root dire

[03:28:12]
So as it installed we can now start using that particular thing. Let's go directly in our main file which is the main. Also you can check in the package.json if it's installed or not. As you can see 7.8.1 is installed. So now what I'm going to do, I'm going to just make this one little bit smaller also. This one is smaller because now you can feel free to go to go to the documentation to overflow here. But for me, I know what I'm going to do. So I'm going to go directly jump in my main application. So this will be the main.tsx over here. We're going to first set up our router. Then we're going to start the other thing. So first of all, what we need to do is that uh from the file which is the react router, I need to import something. So at the top I'm going to import that should be import and that should be coming some more of the object from there coming as a

[03:29:01]
function from react router I either you can use the react router DOM is up to you also that will work but that's not the updated one which is the six but the react router is the update one so create browser router and also I'm going to get that router provider so router uh provider so these two which going to handle my route setup and from this scenario I'm going to remove everything from there. Right? So what I'm going to do let's say router provider and over here I need to pass a router. So I need to define a router which can really exercise using my create browser router. So it should be con and object of router and here I'm going to use that function to create browser router and passing that object from there. Not an object it can take an array of router. Every single array can take the valuable property. So let's say it could be the path for the first one and the element I'm going to keep it as the element of let's say I'm going to just keep that app right now because as we are having

[03:30:00]
the app and as we set the router up we can now simply provide that router as the parameter of router if I put as you can see right now still we have the app right but if we change something I don't want to pass that one what if I just want to make an empty dependency hello let's say just Say hello from router. If we save that as you can see hello from router. Now we can put anything. It doesn't mean because our application the main entry point is going to come in from that instances. So now what we're going to do we're going to setting up all of our router setup by which we can go and combine and make things in a very very proficient way. So first of all I'm going to create all the pages. So I'm going to go here in the source create a new directory which going to be passing all the pages here. So the first page first the at the list one it should be our app which going to handle everything. Then I'm going to create an account. I'm going to go just come with the camel like the letter spacing cases.

[03:31:00]
So TSX RFCE that should be our account page. You can rename it. I'm going to keep it like that. So save. Then we are going to also coming a banner page. So that should be banners.tsx. All right. Yeah, I think banners caplorer is the better because we're going to keep some banner data or instead of banner banners categories. Okay, we can keep like that because it will be just an import and then or instead of the banners uh this not looks good for me. I think I'm going to simply keep the pages name. So let's just uh I think in that property ratio we're going to keep it like or I think yeah our MCE just keep like that nothing glorious then we're going to have our bands.tsx or MCE that should be our brands page and of course we're going to have our categories.tsx if you know how to create the pages and go by you can just skip the video and then just create all the pages. Then also you're going to have

[03:32:01]
that dashboard uhtsx which going to be our dashboard page and after that we're going to have our invoices.tsx that will hold our invoices page and we're going to have our login.tsx that would be our login page and same as we're going to have our orders.tsx for our order page and after that we're going to have our products.tsx TSX FC. So that will be our product page. Then it going to be having our register.tsx register page. And after that one more should be users. Let's say it going to be users dot /.tsxt RFC. That would be our users. So I'm going to go in our again main. I'm going to select that one. Close. So now we know we are having all other page and streak method. I'm not going to using right now here browser going to set up

[03:33:00]
everything for me itself. Now what I'm going to do first of all in this root element set right there I'm going to create a separate uh setup of that. So this is the app. I'm going to create a page called login right. So that would be our synchronous way. It should be the first priority. Of course we're going to set the router setup and others. Now as you can see unexpected application error 404. Uh so need to import I think. Yeah. login page uh unexpected 404 can provide a way UX. Okay, I think if we go in our login so this is our login page it's supposed to reflect over there. Let's try one more time. Okay. Okay. Because it's the first route we need to define. Okay. So first I'm going to keep the define as the home route otherwise because we need to handle the error property. So I'm going to just make it smaller. Then I'm going to make that separate two route which going to be let's say uh it going to be coming as a path should be for

[03:34:00]
slash let's say it going to be login and then the element which we're going to keep it as login. So that's the one element. Then it going to coming up another element. Let's say path. It should be let's say uh register. And of course the register register. And don't forget to keep that for slash and over here the element let's say element going to be register. So now it will work perfectly. Okay. I forgot the comma. Okay fine. So now this is our login and other setup. So now under this this this three is the independent route right if you just go directly over here. Okay. Oh okay I renamed that. Okay these all are independent route. If I go directly like for/lo I should be able to see login page. If I go for/register I should be able to go my register page. Now this would be the independent route route or the parent layer like the path

[03:35:01]
because whenever I'm going to log in like especially if I just get the the login initialization and after login as you can see we are landing our homepage and all other route it's supposedly to be under the homepage not independent because they are constantly coming like for/ dashboard/ac account something like that. So that's what it going to be there. So what I'm going to do, I'm going to define it in a very very delicate and easy way. First of all, it should be passing as a children property which going to be an array and the array can take a multiple objects. First I'm going to provide the index and index should be true. And what would be the index? Index would be let's say path and the path I'm going to provide a dashboard path. That should be our index path. And over here we're going to pass the element. Let's say it should be the element and the element should be coming as a dashboard. So whatever the dashboard page is that that would be our element. So I'm going to just uh that should be

[03:36:00]
one then it should be our account page. So I'm going to just grab it or I can grab all other pages. So it would be a simply understandable. So I'm going to copy that and passing all the setup. So now as you can see for/ dashboard for/ac account which going to be our account page for/ dashboard orders going to be our orders page and that should be our uh not like that should be users. Okay, that would be our users page. That would be our invoices page. And here is our products. And after that, we're going to also having our banners. And then be our categories. And then it should be our brands. So now our entire route setup is correctly aligned. If I just go forward/dashboard, you can see we are now in the dashboard because that's reflecting our dashboard account. So we need to go directly the dashboard meaning so if we no it's not

[03:37:01]
did we have dashboard? Yeah, we have the dashboard but it's not reflecting. So I think we need to go directly in the dashboard which is the homepage and let's say I'm going to go in dashboard account. Okay. In some reason this children parameter is not taking any heat. So this is our element. Uh okay that will not take the heat because remember in our app we are not passing any children. Okay. the children or outlet because now as you can see we passed that as a children right but it still is rendering only the single parameter like the parent parameter because we are not passing the like outlet or others that it can be sitting in the middleware and can pass each and every single data like so so what we need to do we need to pass that variance the way it can be visible so I'm going to go in my app and over here after that I'm going to pass key which should be outlet and that outlet Let should be imported from react router

[03:38:01]
and if we save you see now for/ac account if I go dashboard it should be for/ dashboard so we know because using the entire app app file we're going to create this entire of that like every single page have that header have that sidebar have that footer so all the things is coming directly from the app so we need to set that in a single page so no need to just create each and every single time in different or multiple page scenario right so you're going to create that under loop then we're going to go and state our other properties. So first of all what I'm going to do we need to have to have to be in the components because in the components we're going to create lot of other files there. So on the components I'm going to go directly in the let's say I'm going to go simple way okay you can make directory structure the way like the pages setups different common is different but I'm going to just simply keep the UI whatever the UI I am building I'm going to keep it for in the shien otherwise I'm going to keep all other in there so first let's just

[03:39:01]
install the shianen property so npx shenan at latest should be at and as you see the button is already edge. I'm going to use the card. I'm going to use the dialog component. I'm going to use the from component. I'm going to use that uh not others also alert dialogue and then it going to come in here input label and also select select uh skeleton skeleton table. So that's the things it going to initialize. If you just simply go in the shin UI, you know how from where I'm grabbing it, you just can simply go with that and go in the documentation here for the process of now we using the VJS. You just need to be configure that which we already did like if you want to anything any single components you just need to go in the components search any of that seem like like using the card you can just get the card and get that command and run it in your terminal that

[03:40:01]
will do every single thing to just use that. So it's a pretty pretty interesting uh library not like having any dependency over there. So I'm going to just providing some time to install all of this uh like the creating all of those components for me. So as you can see already uh it skipped I think override okay because the button is already there. So now as you can see we have the other dialogue badges cards dialogue from input label skeleton uh select skeleton and table. So all file is created. We're going to use it wherever we are needing those one. So right now we're going to create our entire loophole to just to combine each and everything. So first of all we need an header right we need header sidebar. I'm not going to create the entire things right now but we're going to just make that understanding that what we are actually building. So as you can see in the components UI which holding entire of the shell property here I'm going to keep my other setup. So I'm going to make that header header.tsx tsx let's say tsx rafce that would be our header

[03:41:02]
okay so that would be our header and as you can see react is not requiring that one right now so uh it just coming with rafce for the react native snippet very soon I'm going to also going to launch one extension here by which you can create or generate the component whatever the platform you're looking for so it will be dropped by within the end of the next this month or you don't need to uh make that headache like every single time you create a pages using RFC. Now this extra which is not required at all. So now over here the header as is right there. What we going to do? We're going to bring our header especially for directly to combine it all together. But right now let's see our tailwind CSS if it's working or not. Class name text should be red. Okay, this is working and if it's not working in your machine pretty much you just go open your settings from there and try for the tailwind CSS. So as we are using that version 4. So you need to go with the edit in setting JSONs. Now

[03:42:00]
there you need to combine your path. So in that as you see tell CSS experimental config file. Maybe if you are watching the updated version maybe it will not be there that time you can change that. So admin source index main. So this is I'm now in the admin directory uh in the source and then it's coming directly over here in that index. CSS file. I need to just define the path to find the actual parameter from where it's just working. So my thing is working perfectly. Now over here we need the header and also we need another properties which call is sidebar. So let's say sidebar.tsxfc bar and if you don't want you just simply can make that function sidebar. It should be simply an arrow function from there and over here you can return. Okay, I think I need to make that equal. So in the return you can simply return edit. Let's say sidebar and over there you can make simply export default

[03:43:00]
sidebar. That's how you can create it. That will work also. And if you don't work and other way any kind of function you can just combine and toggle through together. So first on the div I'm going to keep okay that outlet should be there. Then after that I'm going to keep my sidebar. Okay. So this is the sidebar at the side and after that outlet I'm going to cut it. I'm going to keep a div here. Then I'm going to place the header after uh the outlet would be at the middle. So first I'm going to provide our header. So let's say the header here and header outlet and I'm going to keep the outlet in the main tab as it going to be containing the main properties of the application layer. So that would be my outlet and also we need to define a toaster which going to happen to be uh handling all of our toaster messages. Now if you go in the chat UI if we just directly go in the chat sheen there is a toaster but they are not recommending to use it anymore. It's just getting duplicated. You can just go directly in

[03:44:00]
the toast and as you can see you can go directly like get the sona documentation or you can directly go in the old but we're not going to use the old. We're going to get directly the sonar. So this is the way it going to be combining that and how we can do that you just simply make that npx shen at latest at sonar. So I'm going to just open that just paste it. So now it going to add all the sonar functionality and from there we can just directly inject that one which can be really helpful to build that. So I want to see what kind of functionality it just providing here in the UI there is the soner. So this is the combination pattern by which is displaying everything passing the theme and others or toaster. So anyway just keep it as the default one and what I'm going to do now you can use that one also or you can use the default variable of the suner the way it can be useful. So now over here I need to define my toaster. So toaster from the sonar UI that's it. So I can now use the toaster directly within my application layer. Like if I

[03:45:01]
just make a button here. Let's say I'm going to just provide a button. So let's say it will be a button button from components. Let's say I'm going to make that click B. That's it. And this is now not going to be a server component on others. So it can be working perfectly. So I'm going to go back to my home. So baby mart uh did we miss anything? Okay. This is our dashboard page. Okay. What's uh I think uh maybe we are having some issue. So let's just check. So in the console here uh okay node module sooner.js provide an export name uh toast props. Okay. I I think I saw it before. So that is the export uh okay uh it type must be imported using type only import when okay is enabled. Okay. Or pretty much if if if you just want to make some default parameter, okay, we

[03:46:01]
can just skip that. Maybe they have some issue on that. We can simply just make that sooner. That's it. That will also work. So we can just directly use the sonar parameter. Now if we want to click on that, let's say this button, we can just make on click function here. Just a simple function. Uh let's say toast dot success. Let's say hello from admin. Now if we click you see hello from admin that's is coming right there. If we just pass the error it going to provide the error. If we just make that click me uh click you see hello from admin. But there is you can make lots of combination here. But right now we're not any combination. We're going to just keep it simple but later we can bring the flexibility. Now there are some of the this is not the layout which we are going to talking about or what we are actually using in the application. layout should be like that sidebar header and then the content. So we going to implement that layout. First of all in that uh overall layer I'm

[03:47:02]
going to make that class class name should be height should be screen and also we're going to make that flex bj should be background. Now for the class name for the CSS property and others I'm going to go with the default variable because right now why we're going that because in the baby shop there I'm going to make that everything as a proper theming proper combination you can see the colors and others that's how beautiful one but as the admin so I want to give you much more freedom so you can work with your own admin to make it better make it capitalized usually make it flexible the way to feel it better. So that's up to you. But I'm going to keep it pretty simple. Then you can utilize that. But for the client it will be perfectly aligned and that all the design setup need to meet the

[03:48:00]
requirement perfectly. So now as we did that part so now also we're going to make that. So the background is okay. Now after that what we need to do is that we also make that one as the div. So let's put like it will be flex flex column by default and then I'm going to make that as a flex one. So that would be the flex one proportion. And after that uh also we can just make that or we can just simply make of let's say uh max weight. I think we can just simply use that max width of screen to excel or similarly like that which can be breakpoint to excel. You can do like that and also you're going to put a width of let's say or you can also make that margin from let's say 64. Right now I'm going to just put the default as you can see it's providing that grip as the pretty much very sideway. So I'm going to just remove that click button which is not required for instead of also going to make that bg of let's say I'm going to make a gray color. So just do

[03:49:02]
gray of 600 just to see. So now this is the ant statement. So that's the sidebar which is getting which going to coming from margin left side because our sidebar which going to contain that left proportion we're going to implement that one. So let's go back to the sidebar just to keep a little bit distraction here which can make things little bit uh cooking up. So what we can do right now is that I'm going to go in our sidebar over here. We're going to direct some of the class name and that class name it will be you see it will be fixed. Okay. So entire sidebar will be infixed and then we're going to also make that fixed inside Y or I think we can simply go and remove that background color that would be a good things or okay so we can see okay that's the sidebar now what we can do uh okay also I think it's not required we can just remove the others proportion which is not mandatory now in the sidebar we have the fix inside y0 left 0 index D flex

[03:50:01]
flex column border R which going to providing that border grip here and border R which is the slate of 800 by 50 and BJ gradient to from the bottom right it will be there from bottom from slate to 900 we slate 800 to slate 900 shadow to excel hub effect and text Y. So right now it's going to coming in a hub effect. So what I'm going to go I'm going to go in my index. CSX uh because whenever we're going to proportioning a hub properties that effect going to be there. So right now you can see we have didn't implemented that one. So I'm going to just bring that hub effect scenario right here. So that also the button property. So that two property going to be there hover effect which going to transition all duration 300 easy in out. Why you need that? Once we click as you can see that's the animation setup. it going to effect on sphere hovering from there. Now this is our sidebar ratio also after that we're going to also make uh we're going to use some of that motion here. We're going to

[03:51:01]
bring it later on and after that we go we're going to have another initial div here for let's say I'm going to just put a pag content will go here that's it so right now you can see that. So what I'm going to do I'm going to bring some of the style here so that it going to be looks fantastically done. So this one as you can see that's the flex item center and it going to be an adjustify between padding of four height 16. So what we are talking about this bar okay and also this is coming from a gradient color. You can change the color the way you feel it better. So no uh nothing to be worry about that you can change it. You can modify it the way you you think it can be either uh be flexible or can be useful. So okay and we can also make that one as a weight of full. So it can capture okay it's not capturing the entire width because what we need to do is that we need to provide a width of 64 right now. So that's that's the weight and that's the gapping of the margin

[03:52:00]
that is the similar. Now we go back to the app. I'm going to remove that background color from there. Okay. So now as you can see so the content it will go here. We have the header and then within the header properties. So as in the app uh so right now we doesn't have the outlet is not showcasing other things. You can see right here we are not visibly seeing the product layer. So if we go in the dashboard right now okay it's right here but it should not be aligning like this way. So I'm going to go in the app again and this time I'm going to go in the header. Okay make header little bit fantastic so that it can be understandable. I'm going to just provide the class name right now so that it can be freezible. So that would be the property for right now. As you can see, I'm just keeping that one as a sticky top Z 10 flex item center height 16 background color border B border and the border is the border color padding X is four. So this is for current scenario right now. We're going to come back in later on to make things done and pretty

[03:53:02]
decent. Now this is our outlet. So everything quite good. And for the toaster I'm going to make a position which going to be let's say it would be bottom right. So from the right side of the bottom it going to appear. So right now we are only having this portion. Okay. So first of all we need to set up our route. We're going to go in our main or uh yeah in our main and I'm going to just close others. So what I'm going to do from the main we need to set up how the things can be combining it all together to make it better and initialize each and every single segment. I can do it here or I can do in our app. So this is the file where magic can be there. So to make things pretty interesting what we can do is that we need to create an state or we can use the uh of store. So to provide that as you can see it can we're going to only use a single state just to handle our users like handle our login credentials and others rest of it we are not going to using any of the state because we're going to fetch all the data in real

[03:54:02]
time. Okay. So data would be coming from the real time. So no need to think about how we going to match or manage. But for our user authentication for our login parameter and others that what we need to think about it. So first of all to use that state management we are going to use the Justin. This is one of my favorites because no need to using any wrapper or others. We can just simply utilize it. Use it. That's it. And there would be a pretty simple functionality uh pretty minimal functionality. So I'm going to go in the documentation. Feel free to read everything from the Justin and if you are new on this channel you can just go with previous some of the video I use Justin more often so you can understand how the things we can be done. I'm going to close that because you know how we going to use that one. So in that uh terminal here in the admin I'm going to paste it to install the dependency and still you are with me please please do like the video and subscribe the channel. A lot of people more than 80% is not subscribing. This is a really painful thing for me you know do those subscribe that will be a

[03:55:00]
lot of help for me. Now what we can do as we are having that uh so we're going to create another let's say I'm going to create a okay I'm going to create an store functionality so store so store and over in the store I'm going to create a simple file use o store.ts ts now you can use a lot of files lot of other property but for me it would be perfect now from there I'm going to import and the import should be happen to be coming from the justant and I'm going to use Justin that the create function by which I can create and also I'm going to use another property not from Justin from the Justin but it going to come from the Justin for/ middleware because whenever we are like if we are saving anything in this state if we reload the state will disappear right okay that's that's the error which uh happened to be there it can be a little bit uh affectable but no worries we're going to fix that very soon we're going to fix it together also going to deploy it so no

[03:56:00]
worries about that now what's actually we are meaning that once you reload like I'm logged in but if I reload it going to remove from my local storage right but using the persist I'm going to keeping that remember we're going to use that uh redux persist to save in real time the same functionality going to do it going to keep save in our real time. Now over here we're going to do lots of other parameter. First of all, I'm going to bring my type here which going to be an user type. So the type user would be ID should be string and the underscore ID. Keep a similar proportion for the MongoDB how they are using would be a name string, email string, a string and the role can be admin or user or delivery man. I'm going to just keep that three name properties right here. Now also I'm going to having another type called the O state. Okay. Now I'm going to copy pasting that because if I'm typing it, it going to just take a bit of time and you know the code it will be with you. So you can go back and forth you can understand and or you can just pause the video and type it yourself. I'm going to explain

[03:57:00]
everything. Now for the type of state it you can typically take the type or you can just get the interface. If you do interface just remove the equal sign. That's it. The same thing same way it can handle. Now the user would be user type otherwise it can be null. I if we have the user it could be this type otherwise it could be null because we are safety putting the type safety at is pick because we're not going to using any any because we cannot I don't want to deploy any application if your reason type is we want to provide a very very exact type proportion now the token it should be the string or null is authenticated can be a boolean value either it could be false or true by default you know if you using that it could be a falsy value the login which going to coming up with a cred credentials, email string, password listing which should be avoid could be a function register same email name email password role which can be coming up as a function. The log out simply a function check is admin also a function. So these all are state we didn't declare

[03:58:01]
our function yet we didn't set up our store yet. Now we going to set up and here you need to be very very careful once you're doing there because if you are making a simple error you know it can be messy. So we're going to make that function called use o store and there we're going to just use the create function and over here we're going to pass it our remember the o state the entire state properties could be coming here and from there we're going to return and within that we're going to use the persist to return the variation and there we're going to use the set method we're going to use the get method by set we're going to set a uh dependency and by get we're going to get our state like setting the setting state getting the get this state. That's it. Now we're going to make a function and then we're going to set our object and after that also as we're going to using the persist. So as you can see right here uh this is the one which we are handling there. We're going to just make another proportion could be coming as a name and the name should be our o let's

[03:59:01]
say o storage. So that's the name which going to save the things in our uh like in our parameter. So first thing first we need to now define all the parameter by default whenever you're going to have the user user should be null and also we're going to have the token token should be null then also you're going to have that is authenticated by default it going to be false and then for the login uh not logs for the login parameter so login and for the login what we going to do it should be an asynchronous login because we need to make await and others and from there it going to take the credentials credential And after taking the credentials it going to just returning a function which going to make us to log in the parameter and do the rest of it. So that should be coming as simple as function. After login similar as the register also going to be coming as an asynchronous function and it will take also the user data. So that's the data it going to be taking as a parameter and after that also it going

[04:00:02]
to simply That's sites, the very first animal on this map. This is the point of him. It is extremely f

[04:01:08]
Passion. I die. I can actually go. What is this?

[04:02:24]
Hello. I wasn't Oh, I see. Then we will have our similar of that log out functionality. So which going to be a logout function which also going to be simply just a function over here just going to be an arrow function. That's it. So as we are having that arrow function we're going to also make that

[04:03:01]
check is admin function which going to be similar of the check is admin which also going to be similarly as a function. So this is the healthy setup of that what we are having right now. Now for the setting of the login proportion like to make that one we're going to just simply go with the try catch value properties and on the catch whenever we going to having a certain kind of error we're going to just simply make that console dot error and on the error we're going to simply pass that uh login so let's say login error just to see just to get understanding what kind of error we are facing then we're going to pass the error and from there we're going to just throw the error also uh throw error. Okay. Now whenever we are going to passing the data layer like we are h we are having to be making something we need to provide a response right and for the response as you can see we having the asynchronous function so we need to can make that as a wait so resp should be an as the beginner now

[04:04:00]
here we need to create an API parameter which going to handle the endpoint so we're going to create a folder called over here we're going to come to the li over here so in the li we're going to create another file name should be the file name we're going to combine at that a config. So which going to not directly in the config should be config ts file which going to be configure all of our setup. So in the config we're going to use that our exio so you can need to be npmi exio to install the exio dependencies. Feel free to read the exio documentation which which can help you to understand about the exio in a better way. But for me if you're following me you know how the way we can combine and do the things together. Now over here there should be first of all you need to import the Exio from Exio and from the dependency instances over here we need a couple of things which can be that Exio uh that should be instance and also should be AIOS response.

[04:05:02]
Okay response. So that's two things we're going to use. Now first of all what we're going to make is here first of all we're going to go and use that configuration let's say configuration utility function so utility for admin API so should be utility UT so that should be one which going to help us to get the configuration setup and so on that parameter we're going to have the get API configuration for admin because we're going to set up for multiple instances and after that we're going make a create configure Axio instances for the users and also we're going to make something called that add and response like we're going to also handle the error handling in a very very crucial way. So that could be in a very simplistic way to understand. So add response interceptor for better error handling every request we're going to intercept to make it to understand how it are combi how it's combining together. then also create and export

[04:06:01]
the configured Exosio instances and after that at the end we're going to maintain that our admin API endpoints. Now from there there should be multiple endpoints multiple setup but I'm going to let you know how we're going to configure all of that. So first thing first we're going to define an interface which you're going to be coming here the interface admin API config because we're going to having that both for the production and for local the base URL should be string and is production should be as a boolean value either it can be in production or it can be in local and then whenever it's changing the API endpoint would be changed also. So this will be the type for the admin API config. And after that we need to make another configuration to get uh like API configuration for the admin. So now what we're going to do we're going to also need to create a simple function. We're going to just simply make the export con get admin API config. So now I'm going to keep it all together like so all the configuration

[04:07:00]
I'm going to set it right now. So should be uh admin API config and that could be a simple and error function over here. Now what I want you to do over here remember in our especially for the vit here there is a file called vit config file right or you can simply go with the f file. So I'm going to go directly in the f file here. As you can see you need to write it like that vit api URL otherwise you can't access that. So should be vit API URL. The client URL is not required. Just I'm keeping there is even it's mean nothing at all. But this one is meaning everything. So we need to have that vit API URL. If you didn't write that so it's already there. You just need to be uh focused on that that it must be there or initialized over there. So right now what we going to do? So as we uh have the API config like uh that config file here. So as we has that we're going to make a simple function. We're going to make that let's say it should be const

[04:08:01]
API URL. So URL is equal to should be import dot meta env. So it can now read my entire ENB setup and keep the similar name of what we just put there that import meta envir. Now if there is no API URL we don't want our application to be break. So what we can do we're going to just simply throw a new error here and the error should be passing the message that let's say the same message bit API URL and in environment variable is not defined. Okay that's just a simple message over here it's not defined. So we need to define that and if it's available we're going to make that is production variable so it can be coming up within that scenario. So either it can be production or no. So is for action if we have that import methodb the v app new app env. So you

[04:09:01]
can also enable that app env here as you can see is now in the development. So now if it's in production it going to just go like it going to passing that or if the meta envuction is equal to true either you need to configure at production or you need to pass it as a production method is true. If it's there it can go through that. So now after that we're going to return what you going to return. We're going to simply return the base URL. So that should be the base or we can just simply pass them all together. That should be the two key. One it will be base URL API URL for/ API. That would be our API. Especially what we are saying that localhost 8,000/ API why I'm maintaining that one here in the simple way. We can now either we can change the entry point because our basic route is localhost 8,000. So that's why we are just configuring that one manually to make that API to working in correct way. So now after that once we did that I think uh maybe I missed something or it is so

[04:10:02]
okay uh I think I yeah I I I need to make that one here not outside of that. Yeah it should be here. Okay I I was just going out of that function. So everything should be within that function. So now we are providing the base URL for/ API. So now either it can be is production or not we can get within that flag or also by calling that API URL we can directly get our base URL. Now also we can do another setup which can create our API instances. So that would be this one configure the exist instances here. Now how we can configure that? So instead of writing everything from the norm we are actually accessing that you see the create API instance we're getting that base URL getting get admin API config. So that's the base URL we are working for that and then we are creating an API instances the instance going to coming from Axios create the base URL and as you can see no need to type every time the headers

[04:11:00]
content type application JSON because we are passing it globally so we know we are passing the JSON if we want to do any manual setup we're going to call it manually and also with credential true it should be because the authentication should be coming with the credential and time out 30 seconds timeout you can also make it If you want to make it not 30 seconds, but you want to make that as like uh let's say uh I will make it for 2 minutes. Okay, so that could be the 2 minutes for that. Right now I'm going to keep it 30 seconds as I'm working locally or I can go with the 60 seconds which can be okay 30 seconds or uh let's say uh 60 seconds. I think that would be good setup for that. And then we are also making that add a request interceptor to include al token. Now the instance intercept request use we're using from the configuration and we're using the O data we're accessing the local storage dot get item and remember the O storage we have been accessing that's the one which going to configure the O storage now if the O data

[04:12:00]
available then it going to be first and the JSON par data because we're going to dstructure the token if there is the token which going to authorization making the bearer token otherwise going to error so if we doesn't have the token we're going to providing the pursing error O data and return the config. So this the config we are setting up by which our all instance can be verified and then the instance interceptors because remember every inter every request should be intercepted there and in the error if the error code is error network we are providing that network error or if the response status is 401 like is unauthorized errors we are also providing that local storage remove item. Whenever anyone trying to access our oath without the authorization you know we are removing the author. So in local storage nothing will be there at as storage and the location should be login that's why we are handling. So whenever you are logged out there is no way you can access any route without that any route in the dashboard

[04:13:00]
proportion and then the prom is going to be rejected and now we are having our instances and after that we're going to also use the error handling which going to simply passing on that should be admin API which going to be create API instance. So create API instance. So that's the function which going to handle that entire instances from the top to bottom and we can access it using that admin API and then after that we also going to handle another portion which going to be admin API endpoints not every endpoints going to handle like admin setup for the register we're going to register should be admin API endpoints login out that all method going to access according to that admin API endpoints also passing that also you can ask the users products cate categories as much as we want. Now we can include and after that we can just simply make that. So let's see what we did all together. Okay. So now this one is not required. So now we're going to define our admin API endpoints and also

[04:14:02]
as we have that I think that's basically the endpoints at the top. I'm going to cut it. I'm going to pass it here. Okay, that's the endpoint here. Now what we need to do we need to make that handle API endpoints to make the build query parameters which going to be export con build query params the params going to be coming as a recorded string string number or volen or can be undefined then having the search params which going to getting that from the URL search params and object entries you're going to get the params for each key value there and then the search par. So this is the basically we're going to use for the query string parameter which going to basically export our entire admin configuration. So now let's go back to the top. Uh is saying that admin instances the type must be imported. Okay. I think I maybe misspelled something which should not be. So in the create API uh instances what is that? Uh okay we use that exio instances here. So that's pretty cool. It should work. Then what actually we missed here? If we go

[04:15:02]
back and try to recirculate again. Uh okay. Uh what's actually getting wrong here? If we go in our exos response that's also be okay. So the response getting exio response going to come in from the response providing the error. Okay. I'm going to try to replace entire setup. But why is providing that? Uh okay. Okay. A type must be imported using type only import when uh okay aliens. Okay. We can see how actually those things working or I just reload my window. Let's see if I just having some the type cache problem or not. Uh I think yeah maybe yeah it just having the type skip uh caching problem. So now this is my entire config setup for my admin

[04:16:01]
configuration. Now what we can do here we can easily use that uh parameter to go with that. So what we going to do uh we're going to directly go in our office storage and here await we will make the call from the API. So uh as the API is coming so the API should be now this is the config but we need the API. So we can now redirect our configuration set to just to go by to make things pretty decent. So what we're going to do, we're going to simply grab that API. So let's just go in the config. We're going to create a new file called API.ts. On the API.ts, we're going to create a separate combination here because we're going to import everything from there. Right? So what we're going to do we're going to make that export uh we're going to just pass that default uh default as API and that API going to be coming from dotconfig file. uh note like that should be from doconfig file and from there

[04:17:00]
we're going to export several instances and the several instances also going to coming from let's say it should be coming from config and the config going to handle lots of parameter there should be multiple instances get admin uh API config also going to get that admin API also going to make that admin API endpoints and also going to make that build admin query param so this is the all the parameters which going to handle by the config and here we're going to also make an export default for backward compatibility. competitive ability. Okay. And here it should be export. It would be providing that default and that should be coming. Okay. D E F A U L T default from it should be coming from config. That's it. So now this is our configuration by which we can now call our function over here or we can get our API from here. So what I'm going to do for getting the credial

[04:18:00]
we're going to make that API and we're going to import it from the lib and there we're going to make the post method. So that's the post method going to be there. Remember we're going to pass that as o and pass that as login. So it should be routing through localhost 8000/ ai/ login and over here we're going to pass our credential. That's it. Now we're going to also need to modify that one as we got the response. If we have the response and response going to have the data dot token. So it's hasing the data and the token then we're going to set some of the method parameter. It should be a function then object. We're going to set the user. User should be passing that as a response dot data. Then we're going to set our token and the token should be response dot uh data dot token. And then we're going to make that is authenticated should be true. So that would be true method. So now this user is authenticated. So that's the mechanism we are going to use to bring

[04:19:00]
back that and also for the registration we're going to just go use that simple uh simple parameter on that for the registration mark we're going to make that similar should be coming await API post all register passing that entire user data and by having that user data they're going to make the register and we are not setting anything like nothing only whenever a user is getting logged in that time we're going to saving his credential otherwise we're not saving ing this credential at all. We are just redirecting him to the login page. And after that once the log out set is happening just simple, we're going to set everything as the previous value. User should be null. Token should be null is authenticated should be as false. And also for the check is admin. What we can do this going to be running a simple function. First of all, we need to grab the user and the user should be is equal to just simply a get method or you can just simply get the user directly if it's up to you. And from there return should be let's say user dot ro if is just like is equal to admin

[04:20:02]
only then it going to return the value. So now we have our use of storage we can simply use that. Now after that when everything is done we need to make that export default should be use of store. Okay. So now our store is fully ready and we can use it. Now the beauty of using that especially for that Justin is that you don't need to configure a lot of things right now. So what we can do we can directly go in our app right so in the app we can now make a simple customizable things right now we don't need to set any provider nothing at all that is why I love to use just you no need to make configuration by anything so what I'm going to do I'm going to make just an us state which going to get from that use of store so use should be store and from there I'm going to access that is authenticated method and I'm going to just simply log the parameter just to see uh if you can see it or not. So it should be a passing that is

[04:21:01]
authenticated. Uh I think uh something happened to be fishy you know problem can become no worries. Okay. Uh the require the requested module node modules v devs exio does not provide an export name exio instance. Uh okay config 153. So let's go back to our uh config here. So this is our config. Okay. that the error is still persisting even we reload uh it's still there so I'm going to just try to make those things up let's see again okay that should uh configuration that is how we configure okay I'm going to make the package here so let's say the package in admin did we have the exio okay we have the exio so it should not uh be brothering that much 1.11 so 1.11 that should not okay uh okay we need to find a way that it

[04:22:01]
should work I think we can uh simplifying that one by instead of using directly from there we can keep the exio like that and then we're going to just define the type which going to be an input type so now if we just reload here as you can see is authenticated is true means uh we are logged in is because remember we using the same o storage so There is the token is right there. I should be in logged in. So what I'm going to do, I'm going to make it logged out from there. So that also make it like that. Okay, still true. So I'm going to go and just uh refresh everything. I'm going to go in my application and then let's say clear everything. Auto storage is done. If I try to do that, hey, now it's false because it just sitting you know whenever we are saving that it's just there. We're using the same instances. That's why it's happened to be like that. Now we are having the falsy value here. Okay, I'm going to close others. Now it going to be more interesting over here. Now if is authenticated is false.

[04:23:00]
When is getting false? We know the scenario when it's getting false is authenticated. Uh so it's going to providing that by default is false, right? Whenever it's logged in, it going to make it true. So now I'm not logged in. So is it it is false. That's true. Now what I'm going to do whenever it is like let's say if there is like if there is no user then like is authenticated is false what I want you to do I want to return okay I'm going to return a function which going to set us a navigate so navigate uh okay also going to import it from react router and the navigate to going to be for/lo that's it now you see directly we are in logged in page that's it very simple very straightforward Now we know what we can do and how the things can be fixed up. So first of all we need to go directly working with especially to our setup on that let's say logged in. So we're going to go in the page and also we're going to go in our login setup. But before bringing the login setup we

[04:24:00]
want to go make that register setup. Okay, we're going to create the register because the login going to be initializing the same parameter. So we're going to first go to bring back everything to be done for our register page and stay with me. I know there a lot of things going to be out of the head but Phil you know when you are building something it's not like very easy you know even you have the AI even you have a lot of power to write code very fast way but you need to have patience to go in a certain kind of point. So right now for the class name feel free to go use your own class properties the way you feel it better. I'm going to just go directly on that. So this is the mean hided screen with full VJ gradient from the bottom right and that's the just a gradient property and I I understand you should have a very good knowledge or acknowledgement about how the way it work the CSS portion and if you're still having the problem let me know in the comments. So first of all what we need to do we need to also use the motion. So I'm going to

[04:25:00]
make that npmi. I'm going to use the motion just to make a multiple scenario or instances to initialize the data layer. You can simply search that motion react or just search for the motion. So this is the one which the library not the famous motion I'm using. We're going to use that one. You can search for the react parameter which you we're using the react. You can feel free to go to the documentation and then you can understand each and every single compartment how work how the things can be done. similar to the framework motion almost same nothing that much difference is there now what I'm going to do to initialize everything uh I'm going to take a I'm going to import the motion here so should be import should be motion from motion for/react so that's how we going to import the motion directly now first of all what I want to do I want to make a motion do that's how we're going to just initialize the motion div parameter. So first of all I'm going to

[04:26:00]
use a card over here. So which need to be imported from the component and here it would be card header. So in the cart header we're going to also pass another parameter called the motion.d and over here we're going to pass that our cut title and in the cut title we're going to pass that create an account account. So now you can see uh okay there is yeah create an account is right there. Now we need to make things in a certain portion. So I'm going to go in the D put a class name. Uh width should be full and max width I'm going to put MD and padding X should be let's say four. That's it. So now we know our uh application layer is there. Even you sign up you can see that's the one which you are creating right now. And after that on that motion D we want because that's the one whenever I'm going to reload it going to disappear. I know. So uh we cannot see directly there but we know what's actually happening and I'm not going to I'm not going to fix it. I'm going to fix it with you people otherwise I'll forget to make those

[04:27:01]
things done. If it's irritating to you I'm really sorry for that but I'm going to fix it together. So right now for the div here I'm going to put a motion. So the initial parameter which going to be be careful the first time I'm going to write that time and next time it going to be copy pasted at all. So first instance the opacity should be zero. I don't want to see that anything whatever coming to the motion and then the Y uh also should be 20 should be at the bottom that's the initial layer and whenever the animate going to happen I want it to be the opacity should be one and that opacity should be one and then Y should be zero and after that if we make that even you reload there should be a bump you see there's a bumping but not an actual way because we need to add some transition and for So the transition we're going to make that duration should be let's say 0.3 just 3 millconds. So now if we just you can see here see how it's coming. If you make that as a three uh or two you

[04:28:00]
can see how the time it going to take. You see oh very slow but we don't want to be like that. We want just a little bit upgrade on that. Okay. Now for the card what I'm going to do I'm going to just provide some of the property here which going to take us with full visual white 95% backdrop blur which going to give a property value here shadow excel border border gray of there is a border if you just make it as 900 you can see the black border I'm going to just make it lightweight and also for the card header we are going to make a space over there class name text center space y2 that's the one which we are talking about and for the card title Uh for this one we're going to provide a motion statement here because we're going to scaling it together. As you can see also you're going to just click on that it going to jump to scale three. See it's going to coming from the scale 08 to one and also taking the similar duration over there. Now our header need to be little bit a better shape because it's not look so nice. Again we're going to

[04:29:01]
just passing a simple statement the okay I need to provide I am missing one uh string. So the text 3 excel uh fonts bold and text by 800. I think that is the similar of that proportion. Now it's not look so good but we're going to make it better. And also we're going to having another proportion here which going to be let's say card description. And while you are taking the card make sure you are importing everything from the UI like components UI card that's the shenan component we are using. You can customize that one also. Like if you want to customize your own card you know nothing can be changed. You can simply come over here like if you want to make a BJ uh BJ of red you can simply pass that and it will take that heat. First of all if you remove the card BJ it will take that BJ right there. Okay it's not taking means it's nothing something is wrong there. Uh okay. Okay. Okay that's the card props. Why is not working? It is because we are providing some of the class name in the card. Yes. But if we remove that you can see the magic. Boom.

[04:30:02]
So we know we can customize that one the way we feel it better. But no worries uh it's good it's good the way it's there but nothing to be uh be worry about. Now it will be fully white even you remove that you can see the white color card. I just make little bit opacity from there. Now over here for the description we're going to pass that enter let's say should be enter your details to details. Okay, details to sign up. That's it. So now we got that one. And for the description for the class name text should be gray of 500, not 50 but 500. So now we have that. Now we what we need to do after this is the finish by the card header. After the card header, we are going to make that card content. So in the card content, we're going to have a very very nice things. First of all, we need to bring our from. So that would be our form going to coming from. Where where the heck the form going to come from? That

[04:31:00]
is a very good question. But we're going to bring the from our shenan UI the components UI. And here every single form that could be taking as a from property. But we doesn't have a form property. So I'm not going to keep it right now. I'm going to keep another form which going to be a similar form which I'm not going to keep any action right now because we're not going to make any action. So okay not going to make the action. So this form going to have something subsidiary. So what we want it to be done okay uh there in the form we're going to first need to provide that let's say a from field from field and in the from field we're going to have a from item uh not input from item. So the from field uh okay uh it will not okay that should be the from field it should be like that. Okay. So right now in the form field we need to provide some of the properties. So in the form field we need to provide uh some of the similar properties. The first one going to be coming for the name. So we're

[04:32:01]
going to use the control parameter. The control going to take as a from control. So from dot control. Now it doesn't have the form. So it going to be mixed up together. So first of all we're going to create a from here. As you can see right here uh we should be having some more parameters. So I'm going to just bring that. There should be a state property here uh which going to coming from the user state and again be careful because here we are nothing to be for the use client flag or other but when you're going to moving the next yes whenever you're going to use the user state and other you need to be very very careful because we're going to handle a lot of things we have the use navigate we have the user store property for the registration now we have the is loading set is loading navigate and register so right now we going to find to bring a from which going to use that use from parameter which going to come in from uh react hook from and from where I'm going to find that react hook from is it there is it right there because if you see in the packages we just added that one

[04:33:01]
react hook from you can just go to the Google search or just directly just copy that just search react hook form just go in the hook form try to read about it this is a very decent library which can make you a lot of things to be done so this is the one which we're going to use and from the hook form We need to be provide a data call. It should be coming as a from data. So now we need to initialize that from data. We're going to just make that as a type which going to coming from the from data. And the from data should be coming from zot. And in the package if we just see over here uh in admin package did we have the zord? Yeah we have the zord. So we can now let's just predefine I install. So you can also install by default if you want. So that should be Z.infer and from the infer property we're going to provide the type of and on the type of we need to provide our schema. So here the schema will go. So what I'm going to do we need to make the schema because we

[04:34:00]
doesn't have any schema right now. So now what we're going to do we're going to go directly in our lib property. So that will be in the li here. We're going to create a new file called validation.ts. That's the file which going to handle all of our validation. I'm going to bring all the validation here. Whenever I'm going to using I'm going to let you know this just a validation property. So which one we going to use first of all? First of all we're going to use that register schema. So that should be register schema like that. So now what is the register schema? If we go directly in the register schema, it is schema like export com register schema z and object format. We're providing the name like every single user must have a name and the name must be two at least two characters. That's the configuration we are setting. And the email also need to be please enter a valid email address and the password should be string minimum six character. Password must be at least six characters and the role from the enam admin user delivery man that please select a valid role. So that's the four entry point which a user

[04:35:00]
must recure a name an email a password and a role otherwise a user cannot be able to do any kind of things right there. So this is the registration format which we're going to create right now. So as we have that this is the schema which we defined. So right now what we going to do in use hook form we are having that form data. So this is the data which we are talking about. So now as we have the form data we can easily initialize whatever the parameter we're going to have. Now we're going to define the resolver. Resolver should be uh z resolver. So it should be z resolver uh resolver why this is not uh showing the suggestion that one going to coming directly from here hook from resolvers zot and should be coming as a zot resolver and from the z resolver it should be getting that let's say it going to get overall for the register schema. Okay. And from the schema we need to provide the default values. So in the default value parameters in the object

[04:36:00]
we're going to provide the name net should be empty and also going to providing the email which going to be empty too. And then going to providing the password which going to be empty and every single user going to have a particular basic role of user by default going to be ro as a user. Now as we have the form so now we we can provide the form directly there. So in the form we're going to provide dot dot dot not like that because at it going to enter in the JavaScript dot dot dot from value that's it our from value is ready. Uh okay. Uh some strings property because need to be uh control from control going to be accessing to maintain the control and also going to be name should be that one going to be a name property and from there we're going to render and in the render property we're going to take the every single object as a field item and then we're going to directly return which going to be returning a from item. So should be from item. So let's grab it here and in the from item there should be a from label. So should be from label

[04:37:04]
and in the from label I'm going to provide the name as the name. So if we just reload we should be able to see you see the name is right there and there should be the name and then after uh I think the from control we can provide after the from label we should be having the from control which can control the entire form setup. In the from control, we're going to put the input going to be coming a from our setup from there from the session UI. And in the placeholder, let's say I'm going to just provide the John Doe just to see what kind of things they need to type. And over here, the type should be let's say should be a text and also disable whenever the loading instances is happening. It should be uh loading. Okay, I'm going to there's two things. So whenever the is loading parameter is true that should be disable and after that we're going to also providing some of the class name. This should be just a pretty decent class name over there and after that

[04:38:00]
also we're going to just spare all the field property to be extracted with. So right now if we just click you see but as you can see here this is different is because if we directly go in our input we need we can now modify the input parameter. So in the input value as you can see there is a lot of styles right now it's too much style. So what we want now you can modify that one the way if you need better. I'm going to just remove everything. I'm going to keep a simple style sheet here. Uh okay should be coming up coming up with full setup. Okay like that. So I'm going just making the flex. So right now if you coming here as you can see that's the things which is showcasing flex height 9 weight. So this is the combination you feel it better how the way you make wanted it to make it do some changes you have a free will to go with that okay so no worries about that now we are having our field setup which having the control of that field as the name so if we type something we can now get the name right

[04:39:00]
also for the form setup right here especially when we're declaring the form we can now get a value called the onsubmit and whenever in onsubmit call it should be form dot uh handle submit function function going to run and that would be our on submit function. Okay, so that's the function we need to create an onsubmit like whatever the function need to be aligned. So I'm going to go and create a simple function. Let's say con onsubmit and over here it should be an asynchronous function because we need to talk to our API. Now here I'm simply going to log okay in the log I'm going to get because every single thing going to be passing as the data which going to be as a from data. Now what I'm going to do I'm going to log the data. So whenever we are like exposing that whenever we're going to click holding on that we should be getting the data. So right now if we type something and hit enter uh okay we we have nothing to work. So we need to make the function to work on that. I'm going to keep it like that. So later on we because right now no it it's we need to make an a function

[04:40:02]
over here on submit property because we need to have a button to go and work with that. So now we're going to bring back other field properties. We going as we have the email uh as we have the name I can simply grab the entire statement for our same similar parameter. Okay, there should be another parameter called uh after the from control we're going to have also passing that let's say it should be from message uh which going to handle to show all the messages and the message going to text should be let's say red of 500 and also text should be extra small so that's what I'm talking about as you can see once we are heading this value is there right on we are submitting you see uh the value is there but it's providing the error so we we cannot see the value property as well so right now for the email instead of that uh like the type just all things are same right here just we're changing the name as email and also the providing the value like the input label as email I think the input

[04:41:01]
label we can also need to modify at the top uh which I didn't do it yet so I'm going to go at the top uh this label need to be controlled so this one something like that to be make it similar and now what we are doing actually for the email here and the input is loading is there type is email providing is spreading the field that's so that's the email property and after the email we should be having two separate from value so I'm going to just bring back one more which going to be our password property so that would be the password property here and as you can see there is no gap in between so what I'm going to do uh especially directly on the form setup I love to provide some of the style which can make things better so that should be a class name of that space y six so it going to be a vertical gap in between. Now forward the password here name is the password providing the item and placeholder type is the password. That's why whenever you are typing is providing the time value like that. Now after that

[04:42:01]
one more parameter need to handle the role and you cannot be addit on that. Okay that need to be initialized in a pretty decent way. Also the same from field going to access on that and on the form field we're going to provide the role and input but as you can see it's having the disabled parameter the text is there placeholder is user but we are not spreading our entire structure like we are not making an render positioning we are providing an status like a static value by which it going to get the default value providing the render but we are not spreading the value from there that's what we did Here we are taking the field but if we take the field here also it can be the same property it can be make broken on that but we are not using the field like if you use the field and spreading the field uh that time it can be an like you can see it can be make an error over there but we don't want to do that we don't want to use that field it just going to be as a typo like because by

[04:43:01]
default value it going to uh inject okay what I'm showing it should be showing as showing here yeah now okay now I And I can pass that field. And also if we just spread the field okay as you can see now you type but we don't want to pass the field so that it can be really you can see right now even you okay you can type but we don't want to type at all. We can make it simply disable. True. That's it. Disable. That's it. It's gone. Everything is right there. Good. Now, what we need to do, we need to have a button, right? After the form is there. So, before finishing the form, we should have another div. And that div should have a button. And the button going to say, let's say it should be user plus uh lus user plus. And over here should be coming up. Sign up. That's it. So, we are having our button

[04:44:01]
need to be showing right here. Okay, that's the button. And for the button, I think we need to provide the button within the form. So let's go directly at the top of the form. It should be there. And for the form itself, I think this one not required. Why we're using the div. We can simply pass the button variable. And for the button, we should be providing some of the class name to initialize that one perfectly. And the class name, it should be the weightful bg indigo 600, hover bg indigo should be 700. And hover effect blah blah blah all other parameter. And now for the button we can also provide a type type should be submit. That's it. So now over here if you inspect entirely and if you go directly in the console if I type something hit enter you see all the validation required type something because uh before finishing the validation it will not hit to the database or in the API gmail.com. Okay something like that. Okay blah blah blah ro hit enter. Okay to more than six character. You can see I can get entire

[04:45:01]
value email name password role. Now according to the value we can now this structure is the data structure and also before finishing or before going to make the functionality we need to do something more. What is that? We need to bring back our card footer. So after finishing that card contain we need to just provide that card footer and footer going to say over here we're going to provide a link from the react router and it's going to say already have an account sign in. So when we click in the sign in we're going to directly go back to the login page. So that's now is we have that. So now what we need to do we need to bring all the functionality to let work for our registration and our register function. It going to be handling according to our use of store. As you can see over here we have that route setup. We need to pass the user data and then it going to do all the work itself. So how we can do that? Simply as we are not going to make any other uh complex intervention here. I'm

[04:46:00]
going to just simply make that is set loading should be true whenever you're going routing on that clicking on that particular tab. Then I'm going to make that a try catch parameter and in the catch parameter going to be simply passing that console block. So should be console. Uh okay I think should be like okay maybe okay I'm going to make the try catch again. So overall in the catch we're going to simply make that console dot error. And here the error going to be uh let's say registration built. That's it. And after doing so we're going to also make that let's say it should be okay it should be coming to simply on that finally tab. And on that finally we're going to make it let's say set is loading a should be as a fun value. And also we if you wanted to we can simply pass an a toast message to let user to be find out about what's going on. So toast dot error and on the error we're going to get that about that

[04:47:01]
let's say fail to register that's it. So f a l oh sorry there should be an e okay filter register and also we can just get the error directly over there. Now what's going to be in the like for the try block is that in that we're going to just simply await should be getting the register and the register going to combine all together about the data. So that should be coming from data and if you go at the top as you can see we already having the register from that use a store and what's actually is doing it just making a call in the API post request also register providing entire data segment whatever the data we are passing directly from there and that's the data it just happened to be passing there and the navigate we're going to simply navigate to login now you can route that also if you wanted to

[04:48:00]
but I'm going to just simply keep it as login as possible. So let's just create a new account account and should begmail.com and I'm going to just simply provide my password and as you can see if we make that sign up okay there is something wrong which we can find out what's happening if we go in our server our server is working DB is connected if we save again okay something is happened to be wrong if we go in the console we can find out what's happening okay error is coming is because the request is having some problem. Okay, we can we can know we can find out. Okay, local host API then we are providing the data it should work all register and okay request fail with status score 400 okay what's actually we got we got the base URL for/ API okay local host API and then URL is coming for the o register it should work

[04:49:00]
okay we can find out what's wrong in between and our config looks fine so I think there is something some kind of error it could be because it's providing the four four like 400 which is coming to be directly if we go in our browse we can simply check what kind of request we are sending from our register user and you can find it everything here as you can see user already exist which is providing the 400 not 404 so now if we can just legitly device fit for the responses as you can see it's getting the response which is coming from the data user already exist is try login. So now we can simply copy that which is coming from the data. So we can just simply make that uh con data is equal to await register. So let's say it should be response. We can just simply grab it. Now we're going to just pass that response to see what kind of response we are having directly. So we're going to

[04:50:00]
click the response now. So you can find a very easy way to go by. And as you can see over here in the response anything is receiving no because this is the cancel. So we can just simply pass it because the response it will not come here. So automatically we can simply grab the uh for the particular scenario that error right. So what's actually happening on the error message you see error dot response. So I'm going to try to check if it's coming or not. So let's say error dot response. Uh, okay. Should be response and let's see if it's coming by or not. So, I'm going to just make that. And as you can see, error dot response is coming. Resistation failed. And h that's cool. This error is not providing the response. Okay, we can find a solution for it. Now, this is the console which is grabbing it internally. So error dot I think the data it can be

[04:51:00]
passing like that. Okay. Error dot data. Okay. Data dot response. Let's see if we can find anything. Oh, it's getting undefined. Or we can craft the error in a very diverse way. But what I'm going to do right now I'm going to try some different email just to see if it's working or not. So if I sign up okay now that is working but we can we need to handle the error in a very different manner so that we can show that if uh a multiple user is coming to register we are showing a simple message that user is logged in. We can do in multiple instances. Right now if you want to dig more about on that particularly error because the error is coming from as you can see use of the store registration error and from there you can just simply throw what kind of response you want to gain or you want to make it get it in a very decent way you

[04:52:00]
can do it just to provide that. So there is a tax for you by just to motivating how you going to capture the response from there. So right now we know what's actually happening. So we got that response criteria which is not required. We can just remove it. We can just simply go in the login interfaces. So as we have that so again for it's just for the admin. So we can just go out perform as many as possibilities as possible. So what we can do right now as you can see in the login. So typically it going to be almost everything whatever the way we are handling our uh resistation. So what I'm going to do I'm going to just pull back everything here just to get by everything. So it could be similar like that and what actually we're getting we're going to find it. So of course this my previous application where we use the react router DOM as I told you and also the toast but right now we are updating something so we not using the toast like that. So we can simply just grabbing the toast the way we are

[04:53:00]
preferring it should be coming directly from the soner and of course it going to be just get that description rest of just going to remove from there. Okay fine now we're good to go and also this going to be similar. Okay I think we're good. So what actually we are doing right now we are providing a particularly happen to be a same as the description scenario which we did for the station the same thing. So if we go one by one particularly for the component setup as you can see we got our motion div then we're going to got our title and also getting the header here which is coming for the admin dashboard enter your credentials to sign in the similar way we're using the form and over here we are submitting the form and if you just look back closely here we are using that login schema if you can see here the login schema contains that email which is the please enter a valid email address because it going to justify either it is valid or not and

[04:54:00]
then we are also focusing to get back our password which must be at six characters. So this is not actually required right. So actually this is not like um you can just simply go with that either you can just uh you know minimize that if you wanted to because the password for the login it should not go focus on the minimum six characters or not that will focus for the registration right but for the login it will take whatever the characters is providing. So I'm going to just keep like that. I'm going to hold it like there. So you need to provide. So okay I I think uh I'm not going to go in the minimum character. Okay. So we can just skip like that. So it going to it it will not directly go in the minimum compartment. So if it's going to come we can simply pass the message here. So email string do email. Okay. We can simply pass the message I believe. So, so uh okay, that could be

[04:55:00]
removed. Okay, but I removed extra. Let's see. Or we can just simply go with the minimum characters of one. We can just simply pass that uh you have to uh enter a password. Okay. So, minimum length is going to just to coming by as a single character. So we are not going to providing the clue how many characters can be there. So if we try uh okay as you can see you have to enter a password. Okay. So that's what's actually going to do. So now over here we have the loading set is loading and set is loading by default which going to be false. You're going to having the navigate you're going to having the login here. In the login also uh if you can just visit the other store in the login what actually we're doing after the login we are getting that credentials and after response we're getting the token and from the token we are setting the user which is going to be response to data token going to be that response token and is authenticated

[04:56:00]
should be true. So we're going to have a valid user and also as you can see we set up the form and before explaining that let's go back here and as you can see in the form we are just providing the tent submit which is similarly for the registration on submit function and from field over here we're passing the email and providing the email setup then we are having the password we're providing the password setup and then we are having the button which going to do all the actions required and that's it very simple and then we're going to providing that footer segment. So right now what we are actually doing we're just simply making the own submit our login data and now you can check with the data like you can make the response then if response to success like that if it's not success the other things it's up to you the way you prefer okay so what I'm going to do whatever it is right now I'm going to just go try to use my account uh password so okay at I think we make it truegmail.com

[04:57:00]
your password. If we sign in as you can right now we can see over here we are having a user and even we reload the user it will be there because it's totally accepting and also if we directly go in your uh like developer tools in the application over here you can see there is an all storage and the all storage containing the ID name email and the similar way if you just directly go over here in the MongoDB and if we just refresh the data we should be able to see how we are receiving the users and others. So simply it's it's very simple and very decent we are having the user and the similar way we are having retrieve entire functionality and others. So now as we are having very shiny users and others now we can go and fix all other properties by which we can start building our application layer. First of all, I'm going to go uh start with uh the header which can be uh make a bit of uh clean cleaner properties right here which is really really uh needable things right now. So we're

[04:58:01]
going to just start pinging the data over there. So I'm going to directly go in our header. So this is our header where we need to do all other function right. So the header going to consist in a lot of other parties. We're going to pouring that up. So first of all uh to bring back the header see and in header we must to have the user. So as you remember we can get the user. So simply we can just grab back the user using that of the store and we are having the user directly over there. So we can simply get all the functionality to provide the setup. So first of all we're going to go and pouring the things up which can really meaningful. So I'm going to just give the tag as a header tag and then I'm going to providing because there should be a two particular tip over here. So I'm going to provide a dip. Then I'm going to just provide that. So there it will be a singularly coming to a button and then it going to passing to an icon especially like that. And you can see the icon here and for this purposes you may see here we have

[04:59:02]
the bell icon we have the user and the other properties. That's it. Nothing uh more about that. And also I'm going to just grab those things. So one should be an icon and another one should be uh specified a particular parameter which going to be a simple user author and others. If you go here directly as you can see it's right there but it's not the way it's supposed to be. We need to make it little bit better to uh simplify the scenario and to do that we're going to just simply go on the div here flex and over there should be item should be center and should be let's say I'm going to make it a gap of four. Okay. So just to provide a little bit gap calculation. Uh I think yeah that is okay with that bell icon. Okay. Gap four. So it can crash it all together and ML should be auto. So it going to be totally in the left proportion. Margin left auto. So as you can see right now you can see the icon

[05:00:01]
properly and it looks better. And if you want to provide a more specified gap over there, you can simply make that. Let's say this is the div here to make the scenario looks better. So flex item center, you can can provide a gap of five if you wanted to just to provide push that icon a bit further. Okay, why this is not getting okay there should be gap of five as you can see. So now this is the combination over here. Now we need to make that sidebar looks better. So if you go directly over in our SA app and from the app if you go in the sidebar now we need to provide a lot of data things right here but which can combine each and every single segment to make our sidebar initially from this statement to like here this statement which combining all the functionality to actually work it like an especially for an admin dashboard and to do that first of all we can get some of the sidebar props over here. So sidebar we are actually uh

[05:01:00]
calling it in the app. So I'm going to just minimize all of those. So from the app because as it's going to deal directly over there so we can now know either we want the sidebar to be open or not. So what we can do here special scenario to make that I'm going to just go grab it here. So is authenticated is right there. I'm going to take a special combination of the state which going to be making that for the sidebar open or sidebar close. So this going to handling by default here and also if it's not authenticated it going to be directly passing there and from there I'm going to pass that let's say it going to take that open and close statement whenever the sidebar pops open. So by default it going to be false it going to open if it's closed we're going to just simply pass that set sidebar open is false and as we did that there is a purpose to building this one you see that ml 64 right so instead of passing that directly we can now modify that I'm going to cut every single thing from

[05:02:01]
there and I'm going to use a CN property here remember in the utils we having that then I'm going to make that if the sidebar open is there so should be uh sidebar open then we want something otherwise we want something if sidebar is open and it's uh actually in the empty screen then we can do some more properties right there so we can just simply bring back the contradiction here so it should be similarly like that uh sidebar open in amb it should be margin left 64 otherwise margin left 20 and also in the sidebar as where we are providing the especially the width and others We can also make that property layer work here. So first of all I'm going to get the type directly at the top. So that would be our type which going to be coming as a sidebar props. From there we can get that is open and other parameter. We can simply guide it through. Let's say it should be sidebar props or you can simply pass that as a

[05:03:01]
props. It's up to you. So you get the open. We're going to get the set open. So the two value properties is right there. So as you can see the width is 64 which is going to be fixed right now but we don't want to fix that anymore. So similar setup which we did before we can just simply grab it. That's it. And instead of the dip we can simply use that aside tag here because it going to be coming in aside by so now whenever the open is there it should be as a 64 otherwise it going to be as 20. So right now uh I'm going to do one thing. I'm going to make that inside bar open. uh okay here is the true I'm going to make it as false as you can see right now it's getting only that scratch value so this is the one which is handling that so now we can go and particularly use the scenario I'm going to make it true right now because we need to pro that criteria over here so over here what I'm going to do to make that looks better I'm going to use the motion also so

[05:04:00]
import should be coming motion from it should the motion for/react and in the motion flag here we're going to use some more property here to make it looks better and looks more easy to go by I'm going to provide the properties here initially the width should be 256 uh is if it's open 256 otherwise 80 so this is the value of 20 and 64 that's it so that's what we are actually going through so now it can whenever we going to close the values so it actually going to make some you know some kind of a little bit uh movement motion there. So that's the one which going to combine that and after that we now need to provide a lot of other parameters. So first one is that content will go here which is going to be the header properties. So over here I'm going to bring back the motion that should be coming like particularly as a you can say as the logo. So I'm going to just bring that here to flashing it.

[05:05:00]
over here what actually we are dealing is that we are providing a baby shop admin which going to coming up with an opacity parameter and others and whenever we're going to refresh you can see I think particularly that much motion parameters it will not be there because initially open is one so whenever the open close movement going to take apart it going to do the trick now this opacity can be depends how the way you want to make it better it's up to you but for me I think that is enough to just go and make things work and after that we're going to also have a motion like like it going to be a particularly another button here. So after this motion div we can just uh bring back another motion div which going to be coming as the left icon and also it going to be another chevron right icon and then it going to be a button okay right now you can see the button right if we click here you see it's closed if we click here it's open the similar functionality what actually we are capturing here that's what we

[05:06:00]
combining so how actually this things open whenever we click on that particular button you can see it's just making a two simple par parameter is said open if it's open it making it close if it's closed it making is open so just checking null side value and also you see the mo why I'm keeping some kind of like styling and the motion I told you before so you can juggle your compartment and you know all the code it will be available in the part of in the burn over here which going to be coming as an admin setup so you can grab everything the way you are looking forward to so no worries about that now in the motion deep we're scaling it and while in top we just scale 0.9 and the in the button on the button over here with the chevron icon left and chevron icon right. So this is the combination if it's open we're going to have the left icon if it's closed we're going to be the right icon just as you can see the icon is just changing and pretty much rotating as so far and that's it. So now is the very very crucial part like very important part right here we need to provide our all the data layer

[05:07:01]
like how the web we want to combine there should be a two particular tips so I'm going to just make so that it would be sidebar menu okay and here it going to be let's say log out button so there's two combination going to happen so as you can see over at At the bottom we have the admin user log out and also the similarly that's working perfectly the way we are looking forward to. So first we're going to cautioning that admin user and that log out portion then we're going to crashing over there. Okay. So that we can simply go and create the logout activity if we wanted to. So how we can combine that? So after that I'm going to take another div here. So within the div it going to be another motion dip and over here we're going to propite all the functionality by which we can go and uh take all the activity by so far in a different method. So what I'm going to

[05:08:00]
do I'm going to keep crashing on that CSS. So that would be our CSS for that which going to be coming as uh let's say it going to be a padding four. I'm going to just write something as test. So you can see what actually as you can see it is right there. So it's also similarly right there. Now what's actually happening was a padding of four and the border t and before putting that so far I'm going to just take another div here and that should be let's say sidebar items and over here we're going to simply pass that it should be flex flex column and also it going to be flex one uh flex one I'm going to provide a gap of one I think that would be fine and then it going to be passing that padding should be three and then whatever the gradient properties we are skipping for that we can just simply pass it by okay so providing the gradient now you can see over here that that that is there right but right now we can't see the data layer what I'm going to do I'm going to make it a text as white so that

[05:09:01]
you can see at least that's the sidebar items right here and that's the test item right here okay because it's flex one so it going to take whatever the entire properties is right there and then it going to crashing that so right now what we need to do is that especially for the motion we are going I'll be needing some of the class name and some other properties and in the class name we're making a flex item center and also gap three margin bottom is four open justify should be star and if it's uh closed it going to be center so this is similarly like that if it's open you see how is structurize if it's closed out that is because it going to be in the center align otherwise it going to be different align which is not be looking so good now over here what I want is that we're going to pass that if the user have the author. Okay, I think I misspelled something. So, if user did you get the user? No, not yet. We are not having the user at all. So, what we need to do, I'm going to simply bring back our user at the

[05:10:00]
top. We know from where to get it. We will just simply get it from our uh of the store. Right? So, we have the user, we have the log out function. Now, we can use that. Now, whenever we going to having because if it doesn't have the user, we don't want to put that, right? So if we have the user and user should have the aviator then we want something otherwise we want something. If doesn't have that then we're going to just simply make that let's say uh we can make a p tag uh or we can just simply pass it like that should be user dot name and then we can simply make that character at we're going to make the first character movement and from there we're going to make the two uppercase okay that would be the user first letter if the avatar is not there. Avatar is there. I'm going to simply use that image tag here in the source it going to be let's say user dot avatar and in the outside should be user image that's it. So now we should be able to see one user image right here which is not so good looking and because as you can see right here where we are providing the avatar

[05:11:00]
and others instead of doing like so we can just grab it within a deep properties which can be uh looks a bit nice and clean. So for that particular div we can simply go fashion by uh provide a height of 10 width of 10 rounded full widget gradient whatever the gradient you are preferring on there and flex item center justify center keep in the middle text white whatever the text we're providing within that t it should be according to the white because if it doesn't have the user image you can see that's the property it going to provide if we doesn't have the image so this is the calculation over here which is mixing good now in the image also still there is some more uh not good property here is because we need to provide a full height and full width of the div here and then I'm going to make that object should be cover okay so we're going to just combine everything on that particular scenario now this is the div over here and after that div we can also use another compartment here which going to be animate presence and

[05:12:00]
why we need that because remember whenever it going to be open and closed that's a moment scenario need to be creating now you maximize minimize the value the way you prefer then you can do whatever the things you may like. So now what I'm going to do I'm going to just bring back things together because it just going to be some kind of things what you already did. So now over here we are having that open manual and the motion dip which is going to we are making the opacity and x value providing the transition which is combining the duration of 02s and here we're providing the username and then the user role and as you can see that's the text you can change whatever the way you want. So this the similar functionality we are having you reload as you can see the animation is working perfectly. Now after that particular parameter here so this is the motion div and other things is done here I'm going to take another motion div here it should be taking the button and the button going to contain that it going to pass that log out okay so log out which going to be coming from

[05:13:01]
the lucet react and icon out there and now after passing the icon like we need to also provide the text right so how we can grab it so I'm going to just give that particular property. If it's open, we're going to provide that log out text. If it's closed, see the text is not there. The same simplicity text is not there. And also, by the way, this is the case scenario over here. You can see uh that's also maximize and minimize over there. So, I think you can see right here, this is the like this only going to show once it open. You can see that the name and ro. So, if it's close the name and ro it will not be seen. Now as you can see there is some crashing movement here which we can make it better by just keep some rolling data. Now what I'm going to do for the variant movement here I'm going to just pass that some of the class name for the button itself here let's say I'm going to provide the variant the variant should be our button variant should be outline and after that we also going to

[05:14:00]
be a size property here. So whenever the open it going to be coming as a default size okay should be coming as icon and if it's open it going to be default that's it so now as you can see looks bit of clean and a good scenario here and I will just uh modify some of the class name over here which can be weightful border and other parameter so that you can maximize the some data scenario and others I think something uh okay yeah it's good it's Not so bad. Now what we need to do is that whenever we're going to just make that function. So on click I'm going to just simply pass that log out. Okay. So that's the functionality which going to do all the things we remove. Done. We're good to go. So I'm going to go with another account and then I'm going to pass that. Okay. So now we're signing in login. Now we need to provide the entire sidebar property by which we can go any screen we are looking forward to and to go by

[05:15:01]
and to provide that we are still in the sidebar. So over here we should be providing that sidebar menu properties by which we can do all the tricks and configure all the setup to do those things and then all the menu items for the network items it should be coming as an array then we can really map through the entire error segment to provide the data. So what I'm going to do at the top layer of that particular build over here I'm going to I'm going to just provide that array which going to be combining all the setup to go by. So that should be okay I think uh that would be for the dashboard which going to combining the dashboard. So okay let's just bring back all the uh all the icons which I'm going to use here. So that's the icon and I'm going to bring it all icons together. Okay. So right now what we are having that we are having that navigation items enter items it's going to be an array so that we can map to enter item and we can pass the data according so now first one is the

[05:16:02]
two for the dashboard that is the array where it going to provide then we have the icon which icon I want to show and that could be the scenario then have the label which kind of title and end is true so that could be the first one to provide the end statement over here then we're having the user which going to give uh direct to us to that dashboard account and that's going to be account and also we have the users also we have that order we have the invoices which going to be flex text and then we are having the banners products and categories brands and so on now what we going to do as we having the data itself here as you remember that's the one where we're going to provide the items to make and move through it so what I'm going to do instead of this particular text over here I'm going to just take uh that one as the navigation items do map and I'm going to map through it every single item which going to be passing that as an item just return it here let's just pass a D okay and I'm going

[05:17:00]
to provide an hello text just to see what's actually rendering you see there is hello text is right there so this is particularly good that's we are having all and all every everything right here also if we want to change we can uh simply pass some of the value here so that could be like that yeah so the text can be combining at that because what we can do right now this could be similarly of that fashion but we're going to later import the data and others. So now instead of this particular parameter what I'm going to do I'm going to create another function which going to be providing all of my nav item over here. So that would be like kind of nav link which we're going to use from our real router and then also going to be nav item props. Now this props is still not defined here. So what I'm going to do I need to also provide another type at the top which going to be combining that nav item. So after that or you can just simply pass that which going to be a two string icon is string level string open should be

[05:18:01]
boolean in should be boolean path name should be string. So that's the value properties which we are going to inject right there. So now what actually we're having in our nav item properties in the nav item we are providing two icon label open end and path name particularly there and of course we didn't get the path name so what we need to do we also can grab the path name from there so similar fashion on there with that we can check whatever the path we are actually in right and the path name should be coming from the use location if we just make that as a use location from break router you can see we can simply grab the path name as the key over there. So that's the path name which going to hold us like if we're here in that account it should be that's the route which going to combine and provide the data. So that's what actually going to do. Now if you go back to our n item but before going through it let's just uh let it be passing the data over there. So instead of that we're going to simply pass that uh let's

[05:19:00]
say the navig navigation items is there. So it should be just pass that nav item and in the nav item we will provide a key and every single two property is different. So it going to be that key of that and after there also we can just simply pass that whatever the two property uh like uh icon property label property and open value end value and the path name value. So this is the maximization of the scenario. Now what actually is happening in the nav item because if you just hover there is a style if you keep users is like selected the users and that one is selected we can go directly in the dashboard. Now we are getting that two icon label open in and path name according to as a props. Now in the nab link the two should be whatever it is scope we're providing the ref should be the ref and the class name this is the fundamental things which is making things better and also if the path name is equal to two. So whatever the h we are providing and it's match with the path name that is the class name which is combining that as you see bridge background color and others otherwise it just going to be as an uh

[05:20:02]
slate 200 and as you can see once it's also getting like scale but whenever it's selected is already scaled and then we're passing that icon and is if it's open is the logo is there if it's not open you see that's the simple parameter we are providing so this is the way you can combine this is the way you can make a very very good job to provide all dashboard data and others and again I'm saying this is a simple line of code as I did it very easily at the first instances you may have to take a little bit more time to considerably uh like plug in all the data and together because you need to type and if you are feel boring on that you have the code so you can do so whatever the way you are looking forward to now our first instance it could be providing the data in our dashboard right because as we uh bring back the dashboard. We now need to pling entire data. But before going to the dashboard, I think it would be a good option to go start with our users, right? So that could be a pretty much

[05:21:01]
handy because if we go in the users and also if you see in the users as you see the user data layer should be adapt here and in the users we have role, we have the search option and others. So we can go and combine we have the p next and others. So okay, there is some okay the next and p is not working here. we'll make it work. So uh yeah there is something some glitch is in the production but we can fix it whenever we are building our application. So we're going to start working for data in the user tab. Now to bring back the user first as you can see we need to provide a little bit data layer here which is going to combine the data structure. So the user manage management view all manage like view and manage all user assisted users then the refresh button and add user. Now over here as you can see I'm logged in as a user. So I may not perform a lot of action. So what I'm going to do I'm going to go directly logged in with my uh admin user. So let's just go and try to loged as an admin. I think we have the admin user.

[05:22:01]
So now we are using as an admin user property. So I'm going to go in the app or I can close everything. I'm going to go in the user tab. I will just close others. Now particularly in that user scenario we're going to use some of the state to make things everything in a very good fashion and work perfectly aligned. So over here what I'm going to do I'm going to bring back all the setup which we really need to do and work by first of all I'm going to go and show you what's actually we are bringing. Now over here we are bringing all the state and also the user. So I think the user we can I think we are having a type file over here. Did we have no we didn't have the type file. So either we can use a uh like a type dot uh like in the leave we can use type if we want we can use that type over here instead of type we can make that export interface and that could be our type. So that's the type we can use. Now we can simply

[05:23:01]
pass it as a user type. So the user contains with that a id name, email, avatar or it can contain a role as an admin user or delivery man. Then whenever the created type is happen to be that going to be reflect right here. So now the users and set users as the users going to be as an array first of all we're going to keep it as an empty array that having the loading and set loading having the refreshing set edit model by which we can add it. As you can see we're having two particular type. We have the addit user we have the edit model. We can also have the delete model and also we can have the view items by which we can view the users. So now this all the things should be here uh one by one. Now in after that also as you can see is edit model we have is delete model is view model because that's all are going to come as an property and we need to handle everything differently. Also we have the select selected user. We have the form loading search term ro filter total set total page per page

[05:24:01]
items and total pages set total pages over there. And then we have the exus private which going to be coming from the exus private. Uh also we need to import that aus private property. It's going to be not coming like that. So I'm going to just bring it right here. We're going to okay we didn't create the access private. Are you sure? So if you go directly in the Okay, I think in the hooks did it create the hooks? No. Okay, I'm going to just bring back the hooks which going to combine us provide that access private property. So let's just grab it. And here in the source I'm going to create uh another uh nodes like that another directory which going to provide us all the hooks. And here we're going to use the exio private and what it going to do as you can see use exus private we can go directly using the use out because that's going to provide us the admin properties. Now from the use effect we're going to just use the

[05:25:00]
response intercept and you know if we are not authenticated it directly going to log out and we're going to directly capture in the login and otherwise it going to provide that our admin API interceptors. Remember in the admin API we can uh like work as an admin. You see all the requests can by so far go to through there and either you can change like you can make it as a 90 seconds uh like uh yeah that should be one and a half minutes. So you can do like that. I'm going to make it a little bit bigger that could be good. So that's the private it going to do the action. Then all for the toast no need to use that and we're going to use that uh out store and also we're going to check that is admin is true or not so going to combining that is admin. So I think this is this is much more it yeah that is that is the entire property segment which we are utilizing to use that data layer and structure. Now uh what's we uh need to do more is that for Okay, I think

[05:26:05]
yeah I think we're good. Okay, our statement is right there. So now we're going to start pinging the data and also we're going to do all the functionality to make uh to match with the scenario. So the first of all what's actually we're going to do is that we're going to create the header here. So that would be the top. So there it would be the header and after header we're going to have the filters. So the header portion then the filter portion and also after that we're going to also make that let's say add user model. Okay. So by which the we're going to call all the users and also we're going to bring that our addit user model. So it should be coming like that. Let's say addit user model and after that we also going to combining that delete user and like so so should be let's say

[05:27:00]
delete user model and here after the filters we're going to pass that users table as we are going to pass that all the data going to be coming according to the table okay so right now what right now what I'm going to do you see there is motion also working I'm going to keep okay that's uh I didn't fix it yet but I'm going to fix that no worries now here whenever I'm going to just as you can see there is some of the motion is working I'm going to skipping this motion you can either introduce the motion by yourself or if you don't want it to you can skip that so no worries for that so what I'm going to do over here I'm going to bring back first instances which going to be our header right so to bring back the header I'm going to take div over here in the div I'm going to make that uh let's say it going to be captioning with another div which going to come in an H1 text and then passing that users management. Uh let's just see if we can uh make that. Yeah. Okay. We can combine that if we wanted to but uh I'm going to

[05:28:00]
keep it simple. I'm going to keep it as it is right now. Now this will be for the users management over here. Okay. So let's keep that. And after that we should have another P tech over here. The P tech going to combine. Let's say it should be view and manage all system users. If we go in the users, you can see that is right here. So this is the one div property which going to contain this one. Then another one going to contain the other property. So let's say another div over here should be contain another going to be passing that and users icon. So users and then going to have an span tech going to passing that a total value of the users like how much user we have there. It going to just capture the total. So let's say it should be total properties. So this is how it going to combine. So that's the same thing you see we have the user icon we have total refresh button as user button. So that's the same thing like say uh here is that okay what's wrong

[05:29:01]
here? I think it's just reloading a bit and while rendering on that as you can see the user's icon and the page is getting the same mark so it going to providing the error. We can simply pass that as a user base data layer and if we just go in our app we'll just change the name from there. Okay that's it. So we can uh as you can see over here uh now what we can do for okay I need to I think we need to go in the main so as for for the users. So now this going to be coming as a users. So instead of that users we can simply pass that as user page. So I need to also make uh post user page that should be passing that as user page. So let's go back to the main and there should be passing that as user page by directly there. So I can just pass that value. So now here you can see we have the user page. So now it going to be popping up. So you can you can show the data. So it's up to you. So no

[05:30:02]
nothing to be worried about that. So right now as we have that now we can go and do the other property. You have the user management view and manage all user system users and then the value is right there. Now we need to provide that button others and all. So how we can do that? First of all to maximize on that portion uh I'm going to go at the top here and then I'm going to see how we can foring the data layer and to make an instance segment we can just start uh making things right. So first of all at the top layer of the deep over here uh which going to be as a flex item center justify going to be between you can see it's just in side by side and over here we can just simply make a class name which going to be padding of five and let's say space y of five. Okay. So it going to be having a good padding margin properties and for the H1 uh for the text property over here what actually we can do we can simplify the structure over there it can be passing that as a text of three axel bold and

[05:31:02]
the text grid of 900 and also for the P tag over here we can just simply pass that as a text 600 margin top of two I think two is too much I can just provide 0.5 I think that would And now the right part over here for especially for the button and others we can also do some tricks and track over here. Put a class name make it a flex item should be center and you're going to provide a gap of four. Okay. So now you can see it it will be right there and it's going to be crushing it together. So now for the user property and other because there should be a particularly some more uh setup there. I'm going to just bring that to button which going to uh includes all the value property. So I'm going to just grab it from there and that should be the one div here. Then after that that should be the two button here. I'm going to keep

[05:32:00]
that function uh I'm going to keep that functionality which we're going to use later on. Let's import the button and also this one. Okay. So right now this button going to contain whenever you're going to click it will refresh. When you're going to try to add user, you're going to use the user property and for the top layer of that which going to happen to be showcase all the value for the class name should be a flex and item center provide a gap of four. Okay, so that should be there. Now this is the item property and for the user icon uh we can just simplify on that providing some of the class name and do all other setup in very decent way. So that would be for the height 8 with height text low of uh 600 and also the same thing for the item over here which going to be calculating entire count properties. But right now instead of that four I think I believe it we can give the two I want to make it side by side. Now as you can see setup is the similar but we have to do a

[05:33:01]
lot of other work to make it better because right now as we are having that is not so good looking. We need to make it better to initialize all the setup in a proper way. How we can do that? So first thing first as we did that we need to get back our users right we need to fetch the users then we can combine all of these things together right now over here as you can see I didn't make the pasination to work and that is by purpose the pasination the role and so many thing you will find that it's not working here but you no need to get a freak out or you don't need to be worry about that because now you know how you can considerably done it how you can make your things to be done and it's working in the in in in the So I still I'm not fixing it because as you can see if you go in the products over here you can see that is working perfectly the ascending refresh descending and also especially the pination everything working because there is in some part I'm going to skip something for you which you need to carry on you need to pass that you need to grab the data you

[05:34:00]
need to carry on but don't freak out you can do it I know I have trust on you that's why I'm keeping those things so first thing first we need to grab the users right what kind of users we are we are talking about First of all, we need to create a functions by which we can fetch the entire user segment, right? And to do that, I'm going to just simply make that let's say cost should be fetch users and it will be an asynchronous function as we're going to uh directly call to our database and withhold on that. So first of all whenever you're going to looking directly on that set loading should be true and after that we're going to make that a try catch function to go and passing by whatever the data structure it's going to be making things to be done. First of all if we are getting the error we can simply pass the error over here should be passing that console.log log field to users and also we can just pass the toast toast. Okay. And the toast is not imported from the sooner dot error. And the error going to say should be failed to load

[05:35:01]
mutes. And of course there should be a finally tab finally. And on the finally we just going to make that set loading should be as fy value. Right? Now what's how we going to fetch the users right? So to make the users to fetch remember we're going to have a like an input type value and all other value. First of all, we're going to go in a simple way that it should be const and then going to we're going to make that response that should be response to be coming according to a weight. We're going to make that axio private dot going to be get directly there and for/ users. Okay. And on that users we don't want to provide any kind of setup. We just going to lock the responses right now. So let's say should be rest and then we're going to pass the response property. And as you know whenever we're going to try to handle like we're going to get the users we need to use the use effect property and on that use effect property we are going to just simply combine an

[05:36:01]
empty string right empty array right now because we're going to call that fetch users right fetch users. So let's go back to our application layer. We're going to inspect on that if we are receiving any user data. Yeah, we receiving that and from the data we're getting actually the users we have five users. We're getting all the data set up correctly done. Now over here what kind of things we going to setting. We are not going to setting any forms right now. Here we're going to keep it simple as simple as possible. Right? So we have the data here. Trust me I'm not going to do any kind of presentation and others. So that's the one which you need to work on because later on we're going to fix the pagonation and others. So you need to go by if you can do it by yourself that's fantastic. If you cannot just go and start like keep watching. And by the way if still you are feeling you learning something new like the video and subscribe the channel it will be a lot of help to me. Now over here what I'm going to do so as we are having that

[05:37:00]
response if we have that response do data I want to set something like it should be set users should be passing that response data do users or response do data actually I think the data layer is getting everything. So over here uh I think we can just pass the total value here which we're going to get the uh I think we're going to get the length. Okay. So right now uh if we reload uh did we receiving anything? No, we're not receiving anything because there is some structure maybe change. So I'm going to just log to the response response over here. Response to data. Okay. Response to data dot data response to data dot data dot users like that maybe okay we we'll try that

[05:38:00]
also I think that is the data l should be there I think so the plant no uh is so okay response data. Okay, I I think I make one more parameters should be disappear. Yes, response. So that's where we are actually getting the data. Now as we have the data on that parameter, we can simply grab it. So we know we have the data. Now we can do all other things to work. And the first thing first uh we can also make so many other combination here. So first we're going to bring back our handle refresh button. What is actually going to happen? Similarly of that handle uh fetch users we can just combine that fetch uh instead of fetch users it should be like handle refresh. So this function is always calling whenever we

[05:39:01]
are just calling directly in like the first instances but this one going to call whenever we are trying to or letting it to be called and we're going to just simply pass that call directly here should be passing that as a handle refresh. Uh okay handle refresh that is there we just have a slight mistake on the name. Now over here whenever we refresh it going to be refreshing that but there is some minor property need to be changed here. You see instead of set loading for the refresh one it should be set refreshing should be true and also we're going to make that set refreshing should be false. So you can see now it's refreshing. We're just calling the data and setting the new data. So no need to like entirely reload that you can simply get it directly from there. So now what you going to do before putting all other parameter we now need to show actually the user right. So uh okay we also can do the filter tab but what I basically want is to provide the user data. So now

[05:40:00]
we know what actually we're working we have something to go by. Now for the user data we're going to use a simply some of the table version. So the table is already there. As you can see in our uh components UI we have all the setup we require for that. Now what I'm going to do I'm going to pouring the data to here. So first here it going to be a div then it going to be passing a table from our components UI then it going to having that table header. So let's say table header uh okay on that uh table header it going to having that table row and on the table row it going to be table head. So that is header and then head. So let's say pass that a term. Okay, avo. Now you can see there is the table is coming by. So what I'm going to do I'm going to pouring all the table uh head here so that we can see what's actually going on. In the table head we have we have just make the font as semi bold.

[05:41:01]
And by the way instead of not putting there you can simply pass that in the global layer if you wanted to like you can just make that a text which going to be bay. Uh okay not like that should be let's say going to be text gray of 500 gray of 50. Oh actually either is is getting the text gr of 50. I don't think so. Okay I'm going to skipping that. So not requiring that. So this is the one I think it's not the text it's the BJ. So it should be last name BJ should be gray of 50. Yeah that's the one which I'm talking about. So now we can perform all the action property here which can really do and make things in a better shape and also what I'm going to do for overall at the top layer for the div here. So not the table here for the div like for the table I'm not going to do any kind of performance action or something for the table we're just providing that background color should be white rounded should be LG LG shadow

[05:42:02]
SM border overflow hidden you can see there is an round effect right here now this is the table header right after table header we need to provide the table body which can contain the entire content setup so to do that after the table header we're going to bring back to make that let's say table content And so table body should be coming here. In the table body we should be having that users dot map and over everything uh we can just make that or before passing that users dot uh if we have uh length is bigger than zero then we are having that users right which going to be passing that let's say I'm going to just simply pass a table row okay and on the table row we're going to pass that let's say table cell Okay, users and if there is no users, we want to show some kind of let's say a message over here and that message going to be

[05:43:01]
that no user is available blah blah blah. So that can make things pretty done and well so right now if we just save it we have the users right? So I'm going to make it as a null value here. So if it's not there you can see no users found users will appear here when they register. So that's what actually is saying by this div. So this table cell a single cell which contain the div here which contain the user icon no users found and providing the search term and ro filter is not like there is search term like whenever you're going to search the user it will not it will be empty. So we search no user right and if the search term is there and or there is no filter at all that time it can providing that uh try adjusting your search or filters. So which going to be passing that message you see through adjusting your search or filters means the problem is coming from the search value but and the go globally if there is no users you see no users found that also coming no users found but different message that's how we can highlight it

[05:44:01]
all together and it pretty cool if you can do in that way. Now overall over here in the search term and others now we are having the user so we can now provide the cell value here. So we can just simply make that as we have that instead of that true directly here we will do one thing first. First of all, let's say we're going to make that users do map and every single user going to be passing as a user and from there we're going to just return the value for let's say it should be table row and then should be passing the table cell and all the table cell first thing first for the first uh cell itself we're going to provide a div here which going to contain our uh user image and of course we need to provide a key here otherwise it's going to provide an error so a key So now what actually okay I'm going to remove the null check. So now what's actually is doing here in the table cell we are providing the first item which going to be user and just a class name to combine it all together providing an image for just hide width and full

[05:45:01]
property form the parent and object center uh sorry object cover and if we doesn't have that avatar it going to just contain the name property how the way we are looking it better. Now this is the one property here after that we're going to have a multiple property here. So I'm going to just bring that particular property there. It's nothing so much com combined to complicate it. You see how we are okay we also need to provide the badge uh from the component and also we will provide the CN over here and right now I'm going to just skip the badge because we need to combine some of the class name. Let's say I'm going to just make that as a batch. So what's happen to be there? We have the name, we have the email, we have the role. Now ro going to combining the batch right? we need to go and decipher how we want to make the badge color. So for the badge we can decipher some of the colors here. So that could be let's say it should be get ro color where we're going to pass in every single role. If the role is is equal to

[05:46:00]
admin we're providing a red color if ro is equal to delivery map we providing that if user that and by default is that color. So this is switch case properties which going to handling every single scenario. So now we're going to combine uh come back here. We're going to just initialize the batch and as the batch is an admin we can see we can provide that admin going to having that other users going to having that. So this just we are combining that one. Now you can fix that. So as you can see no hover is not working like this one having some issue for the hover but our one is good. So you see that we fixing a lot of error by just using those properties. Now after that we also need to provide uh some more things some more items over here. The first one is that I'm going to bring that again. So I'm going to bring all it all together. So rest a table cell. So after that should be coming that I'm going to skip that handle users property and others. So we're going to make one by one. Then we're going to pouring the data. So right now we're providing the created at making at to local string. So

[05:47:03]
that's you can see that's the date over here. Then and on the action tab we are having three action. We are having the view, we are having that edit, we are having the delete. So this all the actions we need to work on and also the add user. So as you can see as I told you pasination it will not be there. I'm going to keep it as simple as possible. We can bring back the filter if we wanted to. Uh we'll bring the filter but other rest of pination and al you you need to do it uh the next parameter which we can combine it all together. So let's go and bring the filter segment. After the filter, we can bring all the setup to combine it all together. And for the filter, so this is the header is done. So now over here, after that scenario, we can just bring back our filter properties. So let's go back to the filter. We're going to combine a div here. So in the div, we can just bring back the property. We will uh make another div here. And over here it going to be coming as a input value here. Now that

[05:48:01]
inputs going to be coming with the search icon. So whatever we're going to type it going to be just getting that set search item e.target values. Whatever we're going to typing over here it going to get the value as a search item. And after that one more property going to initialize after that particular div over here. So this is the combination of the div then we're going to having another div which going to having some of the select value right and let's first import all things from our components. So figure and also going to coming after the value here. Then going to passing the content and also we're going to pass the item over here and then okay done. So as you can see uh in the selected item uh okay that's the valid okay as you can see we have the roles admin users user delivery in person. So that's all are sitting here using just simply a selected value right. So what I'm going to do over here initially we're going to provide some of the class name and that class name can

[05:49:00]
combine a flex item should be center and gap of four and also it can be flex wrap that's it should be coming as side by side. So this the value going to be a role filter property it going to provide and then it going to work as it is. So now instead of providing such a word number of value as we are not going to call in our database just to make the search value and for the other value. Now we have the users. I'm going to provide a very simple and static format how you can make the filter as your own if you wanted to if you're looking forward to. So we are not forgetting the static properties how we can use it. Like we are having the user data then we can go and combine the data to make things looks better. So to do that we're going to combine a simple function. So as you can see we have the fetch users property. Fetch users going to fetch all the users. Then we're going to have another property called filter to users. So this is the function which going to provide a filter flexibility by which we're going

[05:50:00]
to perform all the filters actions to make things by in a very very good fashions. Right now this is just a simple array or combine values here. So users should filter we are filtering from the match search. Whatever we are searching if it's matching it going to filter the data right and also uh we are providing that uh user like match role. So we are just manipulating this data. We're not calling in the database and so we're manipulating whatever we searching in the item we're manipulating with that. Then also we are manipulating with the role and we're getting the data. So instead of directly passing the users we can now what we can do is that so instead of that user table. So this is the user table here. So I'm going to skip the header. So this should be passing that filter user. So now if I filter with the admin you can see I can roll all I can just simply try blah blah blah or you can sub type test. You see this is going to be pretty fast because there is no loading set at all and because we are directly combining the data on that particular instances and

[05:51:02]
over here when we going to loading the first user like whenever our loading statement going on we can simply grab one parameter which can we can combine an skeleton to provide and show the data how it can be done. So we're going to just make the loading in a different parameter which can really set things good. So what I'm going to do uh as we are having that loading state if we have the loading state what we're going to do is that we're going to return a particular value and that return parameter going to be passing a div let's say it going to be a loading okay so now you see the loading here okay it's cool so now what I'm going to do I'm going to create another directory in the components so uh a folder which make that is skeleton so all the skeletons going to be there so Let's say should be user skeleton.tsx. Now this going to combine all the user user is skeleton properties here. So

[05:52:00]
rafce. Okay. So that should be our skeleton and what actually we we're doing. Okay. So now this can be looks pretty drastic but trust me it's very simple to go and pass that. Uh okay. We can we need to provide that is admin is admin either is admin is true or not blah blah blah. Okay, we can we will provide the is admin. First I will import all the things to be done here. Okay, UI table and header and also getting the row also the heads also I think the body let's say providing the cell and now only the required thing is is admin name so I'm going to just pass that so whenever the loading instance going to happen Okay, user skeleton.

[05:53:00]
We're going to just simply pass that. Let's say it going to pass in that user skeleton. Uh that should be user skeleton and we're going to pass that is admin going to be passing that is admin data. So over here we can capture that should be is admin and over here it should be or we can just simply yes we can do like that is admin I'm going to make it an optional so that it will not make a problem. So now uh either it can be there or not. So we said this admin property we can save it. Now we can see uh whenever we're going to come in here going to like uh refresh the refresh data but we are not having any like whenever we refresh you see we can now also call the loading. So that's that's the good thing

[05:54:00]
here. So whenever we are refreshing that data we can now also sit back to go and see if is this admin is performing or not. So we are fetching users we refreshing users. So also we can make that let's say set loading should be uh I'm going to make it true and also I'm going to make it a set loading as false. So whenever you're going to combine that list let's say if you refresh user it's going to be just refreshing. It's up to you if you wanted to but I'm going to so you can see the demo statement how it's working but right now as we have the refresh value you know that going to be fine it going to refresh the data. So now we need to provide that the functionality by which we can add user, we can delete user, we can edit and view the users. We're adding our user. As you can see we have the user table and then we need to add one add user model property and to alongside on that as you can see at the top we have a condition on that is model open and set is model open. So that

[05:55:00]
function should be running whenever we are trying to uh make that add user functionality right. So to do that remember we have a button called uh which uh should be uh passing right here and you can see I think we did the functionality to make that one as open. So set at user model should be yeah that's the one function if is admin it should open up that. So what I'm going to do I'm going to bring back our uh add user model as it going to be similarly of that the functionality of that. So now to also the delete and view model and others. So what I'm going to do I'm going to go back there over here we need to create another model which or another dialogue we need to add an dialog statement right here. So how I'm going to do is that I'm going to open a dialogue over here from my components and on the dialogue it should be let's say dialogue content. So dialog content and on that content we also need to

[05:56:02]
provide that header and others. So I'm going to just ping that uh uh some of the statement here. So this one should be coming for the dialogue header which going to be pinging the header and then also it going to be added the title. Okay, bring back the title. Title. Okay, what? What's wrong here? Not importing. Okay, that. Okay, title. And also should have another dialogue description. Okay, we make sure you're importing all from the UI components. Now, as we are having that dialogue, it's not know like it doesn't know when to open. So to make that, it should be open on it's going to be let's say is add model open. that time it going to open and on open change what it going to do it going to make that set model open. So that's the function it going to run through to to do the things. So if we click on add user as you can see add user create a new user account. So our things is

[05:57:01]
working perfectly fine. So what we can do for the particular instances uh in that dialog content we're going to make that class name for the smallest screen it should be 550 pixel and max height 90 overflow by auto. So that's going to be there. So after that now we need to do a lot of tricks remember of how the way we created the form over here especially to uh no I think we didn't do it yet. So now what we going to do here we need to assign a from to let's do all of the tricks remember the way we did for sign in sign up this kind of things it going to be coming here too. So after that dialog header we should be adding a from here that should be from and on that form we need to also add another form uh another from which I'm going to not keeping any action property here and on that particular form over here we are going to make that should be dot from

[05:58:00]
add property. Now we doesn't have that property yet but we need to attach those properties. So to do that, so let's just go at the top over here. So I'm going to go over here and after that I'm going to just make that one. So should be from add value and on that from add value should be using that use from hook and we did these things beforehand. So I'm going to just pulling that up. So that would be similar of how we are using a user to bring back together. So that should be coming a user should be getting the user schema which already we have in validation. So uh okay if we go and check the user schema. So the user schema should be coming from the validation and we also need to provide the type for the particular schema here. So that should be define the type and should be coming from Z infer the way we did. So okay now

[05:59:01]
after doing so we have now from add value property it's not defined is same but we defined already okay it's defined what it's saying is that uh okay I think something we're missing okay anyway we can see that where is not adding it by so far so if we go over Here these things is cannot track it down. Okay. I think a bit of typo mistake is here. I just need to make that a cap like uh capital case. Now over here as we have the form remember the way we used to do it. We can just simply pass that on submit formation right here and we also going to add that at the top. Right now I'm going to just keep it as simple as possible. So should be uh coming at is coming should be coming like at a user.

[06:00:00]
So I'm going to just make that con add user which going to be an asynchronous function and uh that's it. Now what we are going to talk about is to bring back all the field statement. Remember the way we used to do it the form control property. We're going to set those things up right here too. So how we are catching up? First of all uh every single user should like okay first I'm going to bring that from field from there and every single user should have a name particularly so we are providing that uh as a level and also you can just bring back from directly from the uh like registration or user login that's the same setup which we have been done before. So now over here in the first statement we have our name right. So every single user should have name and in the control we are defining that input field going to be coming sparing all the field and the label going to be taking as the name property and if we are having any error message it going to show up the error message right here.

[06:01:02]
Then after that every single user should have an email too. And the same setup for the email they're also going to have a password value field because whenever we're going to creating a user they should have a password because the admin is doing the action. So he can add a user and whenever the adding user segment is done it should have all the properties together. Right? So now this three segment is done we can pouring up the other segments too. So after the tree we should have that like uh it should be coming up with uh let's say uh it should be coming up with the image upload property. So which going to bring back our image updation and now over here after particularly uh giving back the email we have the password then we are having also the role. So in that role statement we are providing that control value which they can select like user should be the lower case but we're putting is the common case. So user can read it properly. Now for the user it

[06:02:02]
should be user admin admin delivery person as delivery person together. So user can select it from here and then also put the avatar. Right now we can put the avatar and then also it can go directly with the image upload statement. And for the image upload we're going to create a separate component. It could be similar like that. As you can see whenever you're adding user you can have a special uh drag and drop. You can drag and drop also you can just uh like uh upload it here. So this all functionality is just right here. So we're going to bring back it together to make it good. So to do that I'm going to go directly here in the UI because I'm going to keep it the same statement here. Image upload tsx. So rafce now there should be image upload. Okay. So that's the component we're going to build up. And for the image upload what we are actually doing is that as you can see we are providing that value which going to be coming as a filtered value we are providing an on change event also and then we are making that from loading it should be disabled.

[06:03:01]
So this three value we are passing directly from here which we are collecting from our field from uh field control now. Okay I think I need to also dialog footer. Okay import. So this is the setup to get that our image. So we're going to bring back on beside of apart from that whenever we're going to opening that as you can see we have okay that's the thing. So we should be having an another battle footer. So that footer is going to say either you can cancel it or you can create user on it. So that's just a simple simplicity to have the battle. Whenever you're going to click on cancel it's going to make the set set admin model as false. And whenever you're going to click okay it going to directly go with the from loading to make the loading statement done. the creating and it going to create the user because the button over here you see the type as submit. So it will do a form submit whenever you enter it going to do a full form submit property. So uh so

[06:04:00]
what we going to do right now as you can see over here uh okay our user role does not getting the proper valid validation. So I think we need to make a bit uh better. So if we can oh we cannot use that I think select trigger control or the content class name I'm going to provide a full width so that it can no it's still not taking let's say VJ right why is not okay this is not the one so I think it should be coming as so should be as Cool. Yeah, now it's good. So now we need to like bring back our functionality to make our image uploader working properly. And first of all as we are providing the three value here remember what we are just storing that which going to be coming as a value as a string and on change event is providing

[06:05:02]
as a base 64 string property as a functional value by which we're going to capture our images and whenever the disabled value is coming it going to work as a boolean property. This image upload property we're going to use by so far in a lot of properties. So first of all we need to provide that that it going to be say image upload props. So in the props we're going to define whatever props we are actually bringing from the uh parent. So should be coming should be coming on change and should be coming as the three compartment value going to coming up and then also we're going to set some of that which going to be coming as an a preview. So we can now what we can do is that we are going to send the preview statement. So whenever you are uploading another image right so now as you can see like I say I'm uploading this image right so after uploading this image going to have a perfect uh preview ratio right that's

[06:06:00]
that's what it should be so I just change the image because that one was uh more than like it was bigger than whatever we expecting to so now as you can see we can create user directly according to that now it will not upload yet so whenever we are just selecting a image it will not upload Once we going to creating user only then it going to upload otherwise we can just uh check one image and it's uploading is not good. Okay. So that's what we are actually going to do. So to make the things better as you can see we are setting the preview statements. Whenever we are changing the value it going to just setting the preview on that particular value statement and also we're going to make another function which going to bring back our value from to convert is a base 64. So convert to B 64 we're providing the file which going to be receiving according to the value property. So the file it's going to just coming as a props. So the file statement going to be coming as you can see it's a build statement of file for the NodeJS right. So that's that's what we're going

[06:07:01]
to do is that and that file going to remove like a receive a promise which going to be coming as a string and then we're going to return a new promise which going to resolve and reject this two functionality going to handle and we're going to read with that the file reader by which accessing it can read the file and reader that read as the data url should be the file and reader.load we're going to unload we're going to resolve the issue and if it's on error we're going to reject and throw the error. Now also we going to make another function by which it can uh go and make things done in a pretty decent way which call is that uh okay accepted I think the drop zone we need to use. So also for the drag and drop we're going to use that react drop which going to be a handy tool for us because whenever we're going to drag and drop as you can see we can drag and drop directly from there. So I'm going to just do one drag and drop here so that you can understand if I just click and drag and drop it will work perfectly just drag and drop.

[06:08:00]
So now I'm going to go in npm and from here I'm going to search that simple package react drop zone. So let's go over there and is a pretty decent library I think. So yeah that's more than 3 million download per week. So I'm going to just copy that. Let's go back my terminal. I'm going to take a new one and from there let's go cd into admin and npmi react drop zone and from that drop zone what we need to use to do is that to bring back our this property use drop zone so that's what it going to use to uh like enable functionality to create the drop zone variable so that's the one which so it going to get the two value which is the root props and get input props to property so the root props and it going to accept an image Now I can mandatory like uh I can either use the JPEG, JPG, PNG, WEBP. So I can restrict whatever the property I can provide. At the max size I can provide. I will provide a let's say 10 mgaby. So

[06:09:01]
that should be not 4 mgaby. By default is four but as my server is handling 10 megaby. We're going to go with the 10 megaby max files one disabled and also on drop. You see how we are just accepting to get the converted to base 64. So that's the function is running to bring back our entire segment which we are converting the property and also we are setting the preview as B 64. We are providing the unchange value as base 64. Now also there should be another property by which we can remove the property and that's the simple function. It's going to be uh like propagation is should be stuck on change should be empty. So PB URL should be null. Okay. Right. So far now what we going to do? We're going to bring back we're going to start pouring the data by which we're going to create the things right and how we can do that instead of the div I'm going to remove that div I'm going to use a card propertying so card and in the card it should be let's say card content card content and on that card content should be having a div on the

[06:10:00]
div I'm going to provide an input property and this input property it directly going to go on that functionality should be let's say I'm going to spend all together should be get get input props. Okay, that's what it going to make things pretty decent. Right now, you'll see nothing yet here because it's just a simple uh formulation here. So, what I'm going to do, I'm going to provide is some passive class name over here which going to take that as a border dashed overflow hidden. So as you can see this is nothing that's so much and also for the current content I'm going to make a padding as a zero padding to make it more flexible and for the div itself we're going to provide some of the class name which going to coming as a grid road props which going to spreading it all together then we're going to make the flex flex item center justify center padding six cursor pointer now even we as you can see we have that value property like we have the input property but it should not be in that way. So, what we going to do? We're going to set a preview statement.

[06:11:01]
If we have the preview, we're going to do something. If we doesn't have the preview, let's say if we doesn't have the preview, I'm going to say hello. If we have the preview, uh let's say I'm going to say image. So, that should be fundamental. You see hello and image all are working perfectly fine. So, now we're going to set up the preview in a very very decent way. But before the preview, we're going to just go and uh make the statement in a different way. So that's the one which going to be handling the first instances as it doesn't have the image over here. We're going to make an upload uh not like that should be upload uh tag over here. Now what I'm going to do I'm going to make sure that's having a proper style segment. So it's going to have a flex flex column item center justify center height 200 pixel white full border border dash border meter foreground 50 rounded MD should be coming something similar and I think this one also this

[06:12:00]
looks this looks pretty decent so I think that's our file should be coming up on that way too so you see that also going to be I think there is some valid property here which is grabbing the image but no worries we're going to we're going to remove that statement and to not to initialize on that because that value over here get input class we're going to maximize it to cover up later on. Now over here for the upload image I'm going to make that one as to get that height 10 width 10 text me foreground MB2 that's the one which we are creating and after that we're going to just surplus some of the text which going to be uh make some good so I'm going to just put that drag and drop or click to upload or image max 10 megaby so that's the text which we are encompassing even we click nothing going to happen right now but we're going to bring back all the function to do the tricks. So this is the one uh kind of things which we are having right now and

[06:13:00]
still our as you can see this one is not working properly is because that should be a function not a static value property. So now as you can see that is gone. If we click you see our functionality is working. So I will just go and upload one image here. Now the image segment is coming here. So now we need to create a preview image. So over here I'm going to simply grab an image tag and then provide them preview and also some alternate data to make a style in very good. So this is our preview. We have that with full height 200 pixels. So that's the ratio which we're going to cover up. And also we're going to add a button over here by which we can uh like uh okay let's just import the button here. And also we can import the icon here the house icon. Okay. So now what's actually is happening once we are happen to be adding one. Now what is going to happen once we are coming right back here if we try to add a image right here. So okay uh I'm just

[06:14:02]
in right here. I will just reload a bit. So now over here as we are going to add a user. So as you can see we can add more user specifically from here. So now if I click and open that. So that image is right there. As you can see there is a button over here which is not aligned to our design. We need to fix that button to be coming right over here. And to do that first of all as you can see where we are adding the button especially right here. We need to make the button to be coming in a motion. So what we are going to do you see the top of that we're going to make that one as a class name which going to be wid of full. And I'm going to make it as a relative. So the button will stay within that property here. As you can see we have the button we can click and it will disappear. So the same thing we can do on and on to just to add that and then we can we will be able to create our user. If you want to do it right now as you can see we need to pass a lot of validation properties. So what we can do we need to create the functionality

[06:15:00]
right now which can be providing us all data here because now we are having our images. So all the things is uh working handy. So now we can go over there and remember the function which we have been accessing there. So that would be uh okay the cancel and the submit and this is the button which going to submit and for particularly in the form statement you see the handle submit. So handle add user. So this function which going to putting putting everything on the places. So what we can do specially here the previous statement the way we did before we're going to take the data which going to coming as a from data and after that we going to just go and initialize let's say set from loading should be as true. So it going to be like the from initializing going to be true on it's coming over there then we're going to try catch in that property statement and then also in the finally we're going to do what we feel it better. So in the finally it going to be simply just set from loading as

[06:16:01]
false. And for the catch we're going to make that let's say I'm going to just simply provide a log which going to be let's say user created or or we can just simply pass that let's say fail to create user and there we will just simply specify the error and also we're going to just we can simply make that toast dot error. We can just simply pass that let's say fail to create uh create user. That's it. Now for the try specifically that going to be a simple as well. So it should be await and then we're going to make that let's say exio private and from there we can access that our post method and from the post method it going to be filling through the users and we're going to just simply pass the data and of course we will pass the toast of success message which going to say user created successfully. That's it. So that's the

[06:17:01]
message and after that we're going to just make that several kind of things from add remember the one which going to be we need to make it as a reset parameter then we're going to make that set is admin model open should be let's say false and then we're going to call all of our let's say f users going to be as true one more time. So right now what you're going to do, we're going to just make a test user. Let's say test user should be test atgmail.com and we're going to provide a password and it should be specified as user or you can assign anyone we like. Let's create a user. It's creating and fail to create user and of course we need to rectify what's the problem over here. Why the user is not created database is connected APA was running. So we are going to initialize over here to see what's actually we are not we are missing here. So create user and then okay they're saying API users is going

[06:18:02]
to be coming as a bad request. So we're going to say uh in the message with status code of 400 and over here uh we can simply grab whatever the issue is right there. So the response is coming uh user already exist. Okay. Now you can dstructure it. What I said before you can destructure it and then use it. So I'm going to just make test one just to go over flow on that. So now as you can see user created successfully and we have one test user which is getting to test one because previously we have a test atgmail.com. Now what we can do we can also be able to delete the user. Right? So that's the functionality can be uh now before deleting we should be able to update the user right so before delete we're going to implement the update module then we're going to use also the delete module and to update user so this the same functional uh parameter we're going to run through it

[06:19:00]
so let's go back here and we're going to just add user so it going to be similarly some pattern going to run okay set is model so should be something. Yeah. Set is model is open. Okay. Uh we can yeah that should be so we made it true right here. Add user. So there it should be coming up. So this is the add user and this three button need to be working together. This should be add, this should be added and this should be delete. So three mechanism going to work. So you can just have an overview over here. What you can do is that pretty uh defined and very structurable data. Uh we when we click the edit model will open. Once we click we can see the user once we delete it going to open that model as well. So to implement that one we're going to start working on it. So now let's go at the bottom where we are actually getting the user. So I'm going to just minimize some of that. So as you can see right here we have the

[06:20:02]
add user model. We have the user table. So we need to access that user table over here. We should be able to see that on click should be handle addit user and also should be handle delete user. So these two function going to be up and running to just implement those scenario. So I'm going to just uh drag those function. So const should be const uh and there it going to be delete user con handle delete and here it going to be simply as delete the user. Now what kind of things it going to do particularly for like say it's going to be for the edit user we're going to just open some of the information which going to be because everything as you can see we're going to taking at user as user right. So if you just directly go in the edit you can see that's the edit we are passing our user. So the user is specially the user uh which we are seeing just the user over here which you

[06:21:01]
mapped to right. So now that's the same thing we are passing and from addit portion which uh we need to provide that the similar way how we make that from add the same way it going to go to make that from addit. So I'm going to copy that. I'm going to just pass that. So this is the ad here it will be added from edit and here as you can see name email ro avatar. So the password we are not injecting here we are not editing the user's password. This is not a good practice but you can do if you pass the password field it will automatically handle those parameters. So what's actually happening in addit model we are just getting our set selected user as user. From edit model we're going to be setting overall from the name we are providing whatever the existing name email role and author is there and also we are making that set is addedit model open right so what we need to do we need to combine to make that set is addedit model when it's open uh we need to bring

[06:22:00]
back our scenario by which we can just grab everything properly so what I'm going to do I'm going to bring back dragging my edit model here so after that user tab able here. So that's the add this will be my edit model. So now edit model also happen to be similar of the ad model except the scenario which we are passing that except the field of password rest of the things are just same and then we need to also call a function which going to bring back to us you see that update user so that's the function going to run to update our entire user segment. So I'm going to just call that over here should be const update user and that should be coming as an asynchronous function because now we're going to initialize the talk to our database right so now if we just go directly to edit the user the same thing similarly of the edit portion if you just come over here click on edit you see our all the setup

[06:23:01]
is predefined especially for the users and others if I go back here I'm going to close that I'm going to upload my own image. Uh right now I think the image upload option is still not initialized. That's why it's just getting to be in handy. So you're going to fix it. You're going to fix it. No worries about that. We're going to upload the image right now also. So first of all, what's kind of things going to happen on you're going to upload the user, right? So similarly, you're going to have the data and the data should be let's say from data and the pretty defined way. First of all, as you can see, if we doesn't have a selected user, means the data is not selected, we are making it as false, then what we are doing actually, we're just going to combine a try catch value property. So, I'm going to just uh rein initialize our toast messages. So, that would be here. Done. And also fail to create user and over here. So now what actually we're doing we are

[06:24:00]
calling that axios private and using the put method which going to be a selected user do id is selecting the method parameter like that and then user is successfully done and also we are providing the set is uh model open false after updating the user so let's go back here we're going to try to update a user so remember the test user which we have been created I'm going to go and addit that instead of the delivery person I'm going to use it as a user update so it's updating And after user updated successfully right so it's working perfectly if you go right here now we need to go and work with the image also and it should be handled within our image upload functionality but I think one thing is not working properly because remember in our database we supposedly to provide that uh cloudinary uh cloud name API key and API secret which we are missing around. So I'm going to go in that cloudinary.com and over here I'm going to try to login with my existing account to bring back the scenario. So let's go

[06:25:00]
login with Google and after that I will choose my account to go by from here and continue. So what it going to do I need to provide that cloudinary cloud name API key and API secret. These three should be bonding together to bring all things making in a perfect ratio. As you can see, you can uh see my baby merge and all other things. I'm going to change it. So don't try that. So it will not work for you too. So now what we need to do is that investigate it to intercept all of those parameters. So from there as you see I'm in my account. I'm going to click on this because if you just go in your assets from the assets you can see all the asset property whatever the asset you are updating and whatever the things you are putting through. So this is the assets directory. Here you can find all of your images and others. So all our things right here and also if you go back to back on the folder structure you can see all the project folders and others. So what I'm going to do I'm going to go in the settings over there and from the settings I need to grab three

[06:26:00]
properties. So I'm going to go in my API keys here. You can see I have only one API key. So I'm going to copy I'm going to create uh click to create a new API key. I got a confirmation. So let's just check my email a little bit quickly. So I'll just grab that API key from there. So it should be somewhere. Okay, let me find it. Hail and it's going to provide it a key right here. So the cloudinary and that is the key. So let me just grab it above. So now I have another like an API. So I'm going to provide the name of the API. This is the latest one which I have been created. I'm going to put the name of that baby mart. Okay. So that I I will know that that's the key which I'm look talking about. I'm going to copy that name which going to be coming as a cloud cloud name. And then I'm going to copy that API key. That's the API key. And also then I'm going to grab my secret from here. So let's copy that and grab

[06:27:03]
the secret. So now I I'm having all the scenario especially especially if I just go in our users uh let's say user model user controller over here. So now as you can see in the update user I can now overflow with that like as you can see the avatar is just still painting because we need to set the avatar scenario so which need to be coming with that particularly on the user controller and then we can make things done to be uh in a very very decent way. So as you can see for the for the avatar as you can see user addresses we which we have been done and for the avatar we need to go and make some simple initialization. First of all the result need to be coming from the cloudinary. Uh did we set that cloudinary? I don't think so. Uh I think if we go that cloudinary I think in the config file did we create any cloudinary file over here. So in the

[06:28:00]
config in the cloudinary yeah that's the one. So we have the setup done already. So now we can just simply uh import it right here and then it going to work perfectly fine the way we are looking forward to. So what it going to do actually is that so first of all it's directly going to passing that data you see body avatar if that is there and then if avatar is not is equal to user a means it's not equal to the same user image then it going to go and upload it to the cloudinary with the admin dashboard. Now what I'm going to do I'm going to check of my directory here in the folders whatever the folders name I have I can just simply pass instead of admin dashboard I can just simply pass that uh baby mart let's say baby mart yt okay so that's the one uh it going to just save all the avatars which I'm going to pass in that and once it go directly there it going to say it going to bring back all the functionality the way the culinary can handle it going to just process through entire segment then bring back my image which going to

[06:29:00]
coming as a secure URL and according to the URL it going to update my particular user. So if we just check in the database it's working perfectly. So let's go back in our over here. I'm going to just try to update another uh URL another image over here. So open and after open update the user. So this time it should stick. You see it's taking a bit of time because it's now updating like it's first going to deploy the image then it going to deploy the other parameter. If you go directly in our home and if we just try to make reload in the cloud you should be able to see another a new directory which which is created right here and so so that it can be uh really make a lot of sense how we are building the structure. So as you can see it's opening and in the directory there is a baby M right now. So you can see the baby M and inside the baby M there is an avatar because we should be providing the users and others should be all coming in a very different

[06:30:00]
way. So now we have our image ready. So especially every time whenever you're going to try it will work perfectly. So now we should be able to do the things in a very very catchy manner. And of course we're going to now go access some of the other parameter delete model uh which going to implement our delete functionality and also for the is view model right so this all the things we're going to really go and pour things right now so for the delete model I'm going to go directly at the bottom here so uh this is my edit model that will be my delete model so in the delete model we also need to it will be coming as an alert dialogue not uh dialog parameter because it going to be coming showing an alert that are you willing to delete something like that should be coming up with the header and also with the title and then it going to coming up with the description over here. Okay, good. And also we're going to passing that which going to be coming as a footer and also

[06:31:00]
for the cancel. And then it going to coming up with an actionable button which going to writing that handle delete user parameter by which we're going to run each and everything. So first of all uh what I'm going to just define that handle delete user function otherwise it going to like start crying uh on that property particularly. So I'm going to just uh bring back things to up. So what's actually kind of be here? So let's go at the top and after that should be handle the net user and from there we're going to simply run that which going to be also in a stringous function. So right now if we go and investigate it as you can see it's providing an alert. Okay. And the alert is showing whenever the is deleted and also set east is model is open. So on change event is working. First of all, are you sure this action cannot be undone? This will permanently delete the

[06:32:00]
whatever the selected user is there that account it will delete and cancel button and accept button. So right now we're going to go directly in our especially for the initial uh okay I'm going to minimize the header for let's go back to the user table. So in the user table we have one handle view function and another is handle delete. It's already there right? So also we need to make that cons handle view function otherwise uh because we just initialized that. Now in that handle delay uh like delayed property what we going to do first of all if we are just we doesn't have a selected user it going to just uh return that particular value property. So right now if we go here and the delete so we are passing the user whatever the user is right there right but are we saving that user that's the combination here I think we are missing something something maybe

[06:33:00]
okay handle uh should be handle deate so there is handle delayed and there is handle delete user and handle delete so two separate things is coming up all together. So the handle delete going to run something which going to be passing that let's say should be coming up with this property right. So it's going to bring back. So whenever we going to make that one let's say it going to be passing as user. So whenever we are passing that handle delay uh as you can see it's running from the trash icon. So this is the icon when you click it should be popping up that and you can see now you can experience the the application layer how it's very cool once we are doing in locally because lot of things lot of packages which we are upgrading and thus the feature is getting better and better because now the animation is working out very cool right and as you can see okay good so now from here whenever we are setting that handle delay we are showing some of

[06:34:00]
the property we are making that set selected user as an user and also set delete model should be true. Now for the particularly on that handle delete user I'm going to just bring back together at the bottom. Okay. Now what it going to do for our deleting the particular user it's going to running a separate functionality again again it will be the simple same statement and configuration. First of all, uh first of all, uh I think uh not the update. Uh okay. Should be until the late uh I just copied the wrong one. So it should be something like that. And for this one, we can just simply pass it like that. And also fail to Okay. So now what actually is doing awaits private? First of all, if the no user is selected, it's going to return and whenever we going to go with that exuse delet user selected user do ID by which it can be deleting and then we are

[06:35:00]
passing the value and then also we fetching the users. So right now if I want to delete this one let's say click on that click and as you can see after clicking it going to directly initialize and we are fetching it again. So this is very cool. We are doing everything in a proper way. Now we are having the delayed. Now one more thing is that to happen to be let's say preview that right how we can to make that whenever this should be a making a little bit uh a crucial uh preview model or you can say a view model it should be coming up. So I'm going to go and bring that things up. So after that addit uh after the delayed we can pass that view model here. So that should be a dialogue here. In the dialogue there should be some subordinate motion which going to be passing that user details and view complete user information and from there we're going to having that avatar which going to be having all the selected data character name email and the role and of course we're going to also passing the label which going to provide that user

[06:36:01]
ID specifically and then also whenever the user is created at if we hit save then if we just come back here enter uh not that one uh okay we didn't run the function so We need to go back to our user. So handle user addit user. Okay, where is our handle view? Okay, so in the handle view, we didn't pass anything yet. So we need to provide the data and the same thing what we did before. We need to just set selected user as a user. And of course, we need to pass that property as the user. And by the way, you can do a lot of things. You can make a global function to do and make things done. But I made it simple so that you can understand very easily. As you can see, okay, there is little bit scratching that created an user ID which is not looking so good. I'm going to make it not side by side but I'm going to provide it in an uh like a flex column proportion here. So instead of that grid I don't want it to be I'm

[06:37:00]
going to make it as a flex. Let's say flex flex column right it's save and that time it should be yeah okay quite good you see and also you can provide a gap of two if you wanted to be providing a bit of gapping motion so now we have the user and we can just go with the admin we are selecting we can go all the rows we can refresh getting the user we can add any user you want we can edit the user you can view the user you can delete the user like all the functionality you can search by the name also by the way See and if it's not matching it will directly disappear. So now this is how we build things up. So first of all as we have that now especially we need to go bring back our uh products. Now each and every single products has some interreation between the brands, categories and then products because they have some relational property especially if you go directly in the products model you can see some of the reference because every product should have the reference as a brand and also the reference on the category which

[06:38:01]
is require true. So any product should not be assigned without the brand without the category. Now you may do it but uh here is the restriction. So it should be aligned it all together. Now there is some of the miscommunication here which I'm going to just remove which is not required right now and then I'm going to remove that. So also set page and per page which I'm not going to specifically doing it right in this parameter. Now of course if you want it to be considerably done that one you can just go and follow through. But uh let's say let's say I'm going to provide the data. to handle like it should be coming up for the previous pages here. So basically what I did told you I'm going to skipping that. So you need to find a way how to implement that. So this is a tax for your people. But what I'm going to do I'm going to do some more motion to implement especially our brands property and others. So I'm going to skip that. So all the things it going to be there you can try it yourself to grab

[06:39:01]
it properly. So what I'm going to do I'm going to minimize all in the brand in the source on the pages I'm going to go directly in our brands pages. So where we're going to initialize everything to particularly published our brand and basically what it going to be is that almost everything is so simple and pretty much legit because the model and others it going to be as simple as previously we have been done. So let's get started. So now I'm going to bring back all the styles uh all the state property and as you can see that would be coming as a brand and every single band should be having kind of type of that. So let's go in the type over here. We can export a type here. So it should be export. You can either go with that type or you can also make the interface like that. Now for every single brand the image is optional. Right? So either you can have a but you see the ID name created at similarly if you just go in the brand model you can see how the

[06:40:00]
things getting done. So we have the name which is the unique and is required true and the brand for the image is not uh like it's going to be default as an empty string but you can put uh any image property right there. So after that so this is going to be our brand. So we're going to just simply grab the brand directly from the type and also we need to provide that state hook over here. Then also need to be providing all other property going to be having that. Okay, there is C is missing. So should be con uh okay something is up. Uh okay why this is coming from? Where is coming? Actually I think something wrong when I copied that save. So now we have the brand set brands going to be coming as an empty as an array of brand. We're going to call it from our database. We're going to have loading set loading refreshing set refreshing is addit model open is add model open delete model open. the selected brand uh and then from loading to set from loading. So all the categories all the significant manipulation is just coming for that and

[06:41:01]
of course after that we also going to define a type which going to be coming from our brand schema. If you directly go in our for our validation over there you can we can find all the statement for particularly for the brand schema and which is coming the name which going to be name must be at least two characters. an image is which is going to be as an optional. So no other chain parameter is here by so far. Now over here what we going to do? We need to provide an a mechanism by which we can upload the branch. Right? So what I'm going to do I'm going to provide some of the special scenario here. It going to be let's say a div and then h1 should be let's say it going to be passing that a branch tag and then also whenever it going to be as an is admin property. So we need to grab the admin functionality by which we can decipher either it's going to admin or not. So we're going to just bring back other property scenario here also. So it should be similar like

[06:42:02]
that going to be the toast. It's no need to be like that. We're going to just go with that. Let's say the admin property. So if it's admin or not we can check with that. And also for the use from hook we need to import from react hook from and also the resolver we need to call that. And that's it. So the brand schema I think brand schema is right there. So now we have the from add property axios private is not imported yet. So let's just bring back our axios private from our hook. So this is the all to go by. So first of all what I'm going to do I'm going to initialize that one in a pretty decent way. And again I'm really really sorry as I need to do so in that way. But all the code it going to be provided to you as you can see right now. uh maybe you are watching uh especially for the branch code and you see we have the admin setup that's the branch which going to hold entire code segment for this particular build so no worries about that you're going to have the code so you can do a lot of

[06:43:00]
things lot of tricks together right so first of all what I'm going to do so this is a brand so I'm going to just go and put a class name over there put a class name that should be uh I'm going to make it a text of should be three excel and font should be a bold so just to make it bigger and of course uh we can also make that a class name. I'm going to make a padding of five to just provide a little bit of padding and margin here. Looks pretty good. And after that also we can define that property as an space y which going to be as six. And then this property first statement going to be coming as for the text and of course there should be another div which going to holding all other things properly. So this is the H1 tag. Then we're going to redirect another div here which going to happen to be providing the two button the way we have been done especially for our uh user remember. So that's the one same thing going to be happen same ratio either you can do one component that could be up to you or you can just make

[06:44:01]
it like that. This is the brand and refresh add button. So you can now add brand according to it. So first of all this is the method where we can see what kind of brand property we are going to having that especially if you go directly in the brands you can see the brands are loading. So right now after loading it going to be popping up all the brands. This is the brand image. You can either you can delete from here you can also add it from here. Same statement. So here also we're going to do we're going to uh not hinder the pasination because we're going to have a very very useful like a very normal bank property but the pasination and others we're going to go follow from the categories because we're going to have a multiple category per design and also you're going to have lots of other property. So this is going to be another trick for you. You see even I click next it's not it's going to be taking a bit of time but it going to work. So this is now working perfectly fine. So for the brand we're going to go again the simplest way possible and what we're going to do first of all after initial

[06:45:01]
deep we're going to go and make some of that whenever our loading is done we're going to provide a loading and of course we're going to bring back the skeleton here later on especially whenever because if you just look at in our production if you go for our products you see the pin like the skeleton is working so I'm going to mixing up almost everything the way you can follow through so that should be our loader tool. So the loader icon and here we're going to just put that let's say I'm going to just provide a div here right now. So it should be coming as a div and let's say it going to be passing as branch. Okay. So now let's come back here after it's loading right now. So why is loading yet? I think our loading property is getting by default is true. So if you go at the top so that's the loading. Uh okay. Okay. we need to make it as false. Okay. So the first initialization the falsy value should be appearing right here. Now once the brand is available we

[06:46:01]
need to provide the branch right. How we can do that? It's the same way we're going to just exercise the table parameter the way a user did the similar fashion the similar multiparameter things we're going to dropping by. So the table as in the table header we're going to just passing that the property of the name and also in the table header row it going to be coming that particular instances. So the table head we're going to having the image name created at and if is admin it can go and make the action. So only the admin can do those actions otherwise nobody can access that. And for the table body especially for the body statement a similar way we are providing in every single cell we are mapping through our bs and getting that according the key to the id and over here first of all if there is no image we are providing that no image tag if there is that uh when the brand name when is created and also we are making that addit button property I'm going to skip it right now because right now we're not editing the function we're going to create later on and then

[06:47:00]
it going to take the action trash icons. So that and also if the brand length is equal to zero should be providing that no brands found. So right now it should be providing that no brands found. Again you can have the good from the repository or you can try it yourself to make a manipulate that. But again I'm saying only for the admin you're getting the freedom but for the client I'm going to go each and every single line by line to provide that because as you can see for especially for our baby shop uh so in the baby shop website this is everything going to be structurized line by line. So that's why I'm giving you freedom to exercise your power right here because later on you can be much more creative for other side also. So first we're going to start working with the ads model. Remember the way we handle the user is going to be pretty similar of that. So I'm going to just make things done in a pretty decent way. So I'm going to just concate that. So this is my header. This is my loading parameter. This is my user. After that

[06:48:00]
I'm going to adding through it particularly for the form statement. This is the beauty. So once you're using the every single statement going to be similar the way it's just happened to be before, right? So now it's pretty simple and pretty easy way to calculate. So I'm going to just go with the title which going to be passing that add brands and in the description we're going to just provide that create a new product brands and also we're going to provide the form especially so on that particular form which need to be coming from the component we're going to also like handle add brand function going to be running there and in the field we're going to provide the field for first field it going to be happen to be the from name and in the control uh okay I'm going to need to import the label I need to import the control now you You can import it. You can just copy and paste everything directly. It going to like previous file which we are using that you can also copy paste from there. It going to work perfectly fine. Now also for the image upload and I think we are good to go having the dialog footer

[06:49:01]
which going to be taking as a cancel and also can access the other property that create brand. So first of all we need to create the function handle at button. So to do that what I'm going to do const should be handled at button and over here this the function going to run and also of course it going to be an a stringiness function. So right now what actually we're dealing with especially if we go with that let's say a brand controller uh let's see if our image specification is defined or not. Uh I think yeah we did it here instead of admin dashboard we're going to make that as a baby mar. So I think I'm going to check the name again in the cloudinary we have that baby mart yt or basically what you can do here you can copy that you can take as an especially for a variable and you can just grab it from the variable like from the bit config file or you can just uh you know you can just simply use it here bit config file orb file especially for the client side

[06:50:00]
uh for admin config file here you can just simply make that vit api or v uh uh like say vid colinary config you can just write any name and that you can just use it like that so that should be the baby marks for the brands what I'm going to do I'm going to copy this portion and over here I'm going to replace with that so let's go here I'm going to copy that so this is happen to be like there I'm going to copy this one and I'm going to replace with like that so every single time it going to be just happen to be that baby mark so no need to go back and forth again and again Okay. So now what we need to do uh as you can see as we have the form validation here. So right now we need to enable these two functions by which we need to run our properties. So that should be our handle addit which going to getting the brand and handle delete and of course also we need to provide that handle add. So I'm going to just bring back handle addit and handle delete property by which uh it can be

[06:51:00]
just simple as well or I think okay I'm going to bring it later. I'm going to just right now uh click like create that handle added formation here. Now when the handle add going to work as you can see over here uh especially for whenever we're going to click set is admin add model is true. So if we click here you see we have the model. So let's say it going to be a test brand and of course we can drag the image and as you know the image I think I am already setting the image for you right. So in the image we have in the source or I think I keep it in the no there in the public no images in the assets uh in the assets no there is no image also in the server are we having the image no so right now what we need is to have our entire image structure right so that you can you can try the image okay so what I'm going to do I'm going to provide you the entire image segment I'm going to copy my image directory from there and then I'm going to just place it in the

[06:52:01]
public. So this is the all the images for the banner for the brands all images is right there and I'm going to navigate through directly on that directory. So now you can see in especially in the admin and also in the admin for the public directory going to have all the images you need. So particularly you're going to have all of our images. So this is the first you're going to provide the brand. I'm going to go with the safety PNG. So let's say it going to be of that safety mer and then we're going to create the brand. So uh this create brand functionality need to be amplified. So right now what we going to do uh we're going to handle at brand should be handling all the create mechanism to create a particular brand. So to do that first of all over here we're going to make that some of the simple configuration set from loading remember the way we did it before that should be true. Then we're going to make the try catch property the similar parameter the way which we have been done before. We're going to just pouring

[06:53:00]
that things up right here. And of course, we need to just manipulate the toast messages from the previous responses here. And as you can see, we doesn't have any fetch a brands mechanism to simplify that. I'm going to just keep it like that. Okay. And also need to import the toast from the serer. And here also that should be coming up like that. And that should be go like that. And of course the data which the data should be our as a coming as a from data. So now we have utilizing that first of all if we go and create the brand it going to creating the brand perfectly because our route setup is done very well and it going to taking a little bit of time as it's updating like uh image is providing there. So if if you can try reload here and it going to just go get your brands but as we didn't create the functions by which we can fetch the brands. We doesn't have the brand yet especially in our pages. But what we can do to grab it first of all we need to create a

[06:54:00]
function by which we can call the fun call all the brands right. So what I'm going to do in the folder you can see there is the brands already structurized. So I'm going to make that let's say con should be a fetch branch and this function going to run as to be defined on that it's going to be an asynchronous function because we're going to call to our database of course it going to be an async function and over here what we going to doing we're going to getting to directly go uh to back to the responses here let me just manipulate that so this like the response is getting getting with the exospit and the branch route from We can get all the bands and whatever the response data is coming we're setting to directly in the bands as we don't have the pination we are skipping to get the total value and bases value and others. Now over here in that use effect parameter we need to call that particular function to run it properly to call whenever our page is mounted

[06:55:00]
that should call to get the data and we can just simply run that especially that fetch bands and that's it. So now it going to go and fetch all the brands data. Right now as you can see we have one brands. If I just you see the test brand is already created but as it doesn't have the data is no image text is right there. You can design that one but I'm going to keep it like I I will addit that one for sure. So now to go and bring back the edit functionality. Let's go directly here. Uh also it should be happen to be the refresh functionality. You can see handle refresh should work and the refresh functionality going to be a similar of that. So I can just go and bring back that you refresh going to work actually the refresh going to call that fetch your brands again. That's it. So either you can go to make that refresh or directly you can whenever you're going to click on that you can just make that fetch bands. That's it. So if you coming here refresh it going to fetch bands. That's it. Nothing so fancy but there is some

[06:56:02]
modification we're going to do for that especially because whenever we're going to call that for the refresh property uh it going to go and do some kind of tricks here because uh okay I think we can just simply refactor that and also can refactor this and you can use any kind of poster you want but for the client we're going to make sure to restore default and not API band should be directly go on the that's it. So now here it going to fetch the bands. It going to set refreshing as true and do the other tricks. So right now if we click you see it's refreshing and it's fetching the data again. So that's what's actually going to be done according to it. Now we need to have a very legit tax by which we can go and addit functionality. Right? So this is kind of like add brands right? So this one which is like getting the adding the like adding the branch model and now

[06:57:02]
also we need to be getting two separate things. One is delay one is addit. So we're going to just add side by side. This is the delay functionality which again going to be the dialog configuration and as you can see when the delay model is open it going to access those things and also going to coming as an header by default and then also going to be have to the title uh okay not from the radius I think I need to get directly from the components and also the description over here then going to be passing as the footer and also for the cancel and then going to like that and this going to make that handle delete function of course we're going to initialize that. So this is the one should be there handle delete and the other one which going to be coming as the from addit which going to be let's update the brand functionality going to be there and the all things are going to be same as well. So first of all for the from addit remember we have the from add

[06:58:01]
right. So we're going to go at the top after the ad we're going to also make that one to be coming as the from is similar as that similar of that either you can go with that again what I said I'm making it the similar confirmation so you can have a very good idea what the part by part we are going to do so in the update brand we need to create the function here so I'm going to just make that con update brand should be a stringus function over here and that's the one then another function going to rows to call which going to be handle delete brand. Let's just go at the top and over here we're going to make that con handle delete brand and that should be passing by. So we have the two certain kind of setup once we copy that the edit model should be coming by so far. So right now if you go directly over here so I think uh I make muted on that. So that's the cancel that's the from control. Uh that's the

[06:59:02]
from addit. Uh okay over here that two things need to be amplified. So one okay where is that two create new brand I think. Yeah here. So we're actually we are showcasing the brand should be coming as the handle addit and handle delete. As you can see by props we are passing the two separate value to go and work with that. So first of all should be handle addit and there one and then cost handle delete and there another function need to be running together. Okay like that. So the handle edit function what actually it going to do first of all it going to go refetch that and do the tricks. So first of all what I'm going to do set selected brand should be the whatever the brand we are actually choosing from there. We're going to simply get the brand as the type of our particular band. So that would be selected and then from addit should be passing that dot receipt. So

[07:00:01]
whatever the data especially in the form edit form the name should be brand dot name. So whatever the name is coming from the database right now whatever the brand is selected image should be brand dot image. So these two particular things either if the image is there or or it can be passing as an empty string. Okay that's cool. and set is edit model. We need to make it as true. So right now if you go in the edit if we click you see the model is open. So right now uh we can also find out to make uh let's say the test model here to go and passing by. And now we can add an image. So I'm just going to open that and there we can just go with the pampers or can make the parent choice. So let's I'm going to rename that parents choice or parental needs update brand. So now there it need to make the update functionality right. So here we can update the brand itself. Now for the update brand similarly the added brand

[07:01:00]
which the functionality is happen to be it going to be working as well. The same setup going to work and of course for the method here we're going to just get the receive the data which going to be coming as the form data and especially we're going to provide a success message upon is getting that as you can see brand selected brand do ID it going to access to that and also if we fail to receive the data we can also passing that particularly okay so right now if we click update it's getting the updating information and as you can see it's working and after updating ing. As you can see, every time we update, we are fetching our previous events. In that way, we're taking to be in a good hit, right? And for particularly for the delayed motion here also, what we're going to do, we're going to just simply make that things a pretty decent. So, it should be handle delayed. And here we're going to just create the brand as brand. Okay. So, selected brand as brand and is deleted model should be as true. And for

[07:02:01]
the delayed branch what we going to do we can simply uh as we did before uh we can just go and define that property layer like that to get all the val property. So for the delete mechanism we're going to just go and the brands and selected brand do ID when the delay is done it's going to delete and again we're going to fetch the brands data to get the new data by so far and also the model should be false. So if you go back here and try to delete and as you can see there should be you can either pass the loading motion and others you can see you can just make that set loading as true right so it going to start loading and once the delete is done it going to make the loading as false so you can initialize that right so now we are having our particular band we can refresh it we can add more bands of course we can do a lot of things lot of things can be properly done by there so now we're going to move through our category segment And and over here as we are not using that okay remove it and of

[07:03:02]
course I think anything which we are happen to be getting the error okay we are having something here okay that's not a big deal okay done so now we're going to go directly to initialize to our categories the category is going to be pretty much tricky because in our category page as you may know we're going to have a lot of things we're going to have all the features like for the pagation and others So you need to be very careful also we are going to be done with the category statement and to amplify that category again I'm going to first go in our type here and in the type we're going to go just make that export type so should be export type category and on the category statement we're going to have ID name if the image going to be optional category type either it going to be feature how categories and for the top categories and created add going to be as a string information right here. So first of all for the estate manipulation and management I'm going to

[07:04:00]
bring back all things together. Okay because we know that's the things which we are uh really using that by so far. So we're going to have that for the category which going to be coming as an array. So of course we need to also provide the state bubble property. We're going to have the total and others. And then of course we need to also get the private property for Exio we the toaster which is not recur right now and also we need to also get the check is admin or not and hit save. So we are having all of the data which we are recurring right now. So this is the old setup previously which we done. Now they're going to be adding some of the more few portion. As you can see we have the pages set pages. We have the per page by default we're going to take only 10. We have the total pages. Total pages which going to be coming as by default one. Then also you're going to have the sorting portion. We have all other parameter by which we can handle especially if you just focus over here we have the refresh portion. And then we going to also like

[07:05:00]
initializing for the parameter of that like uh not that one or the categories and we are going to also making that next and pre button. I have the total view and also adding delayed ascending and descending all the parameter going to work it right there. So we're going to make it little bit a pretty decent way because the product going to be aligning it that too. So we're going to understand how the things can be done in a pretty decent way. So first of all the first parameter before going further we need to also grab the two of that segment here which going to be passing that let's say it going to be coming as an from which going to be coming as a hook from and of course it going to be passing that as a category schema and then of course it going to passing at the resolver. Now of course we there is no category schema yet. So if we okay I think uh we need to decipher the category schema. So let's go and make the validation here. So right now uh okay we have only user we have the brand. Now we going to grab the category

[07:06:00]
schema. The category schema going to be a particularly schema defined to be in a very very apt manner. So first of all it going to be getting to an category schema and there it going to be a name. The name is required and the image going to be as an optional. The category type is just enam is the featured hot categories, top categories and also uh the required error is that category type is required. Okay. So uh forget about that error. We're going to fix that. I think there not uh that much important. It's just a minor error. It going to disappear later on. Now here we're going to just create that category schema and also we need to having that resolver here. So from addit I think yeah there is some of the resolver issues right there like before what we had. So instead of that we can simply pass the message I think so because last time also when you tried we got the same error so that should be passing that

[07:07:00]
we're going to just simply pass the message right here and we can remove that required error. I think they update their feature so it's better the way we can use it. So now we having the from addedit which going to be getting the from edit motion and also we have the resolver functionality. So right now we have all the setup to go and start with we're going to just make that a class name. Padding should be five and space y should be six. Okay. Now we're going to bring back whole other parameter to let it work perfectly and align it all together. So first thing first we're going to go and decipher how the things can be done in a very very proper manner. So in the first statement on that particular div we're going to causing through some of the statement here. So first of all I'm going to just minimize that refreshing parameter here. I'm going to grab the button directly from there. So also we're going to have that uh refresh parameter and then we're going to also

[07:08:00]
get the select parameter from there and then uh should be handle sort change. So that's the function which we need to call right now. Right now we are not having anything. So I'm going to just skip through it that also we're going to need to make the trigger for that. We're going to get the value from there. And then we also need to decipher the content here. And then we also need to provide the select item. And also it going to be coming as an arrow up icon. Okay. Arrow down icon just to go ascending and descending. And whenever is admin is there you know they can add the category. So it's save. So right now that should be working on that. So we have the categories the text you can see we have the categories right here. Then we have the total value because whenever you're going to fish the data from the database, we're going to get the total value at so far. Especially if you just go in the category uh category uh category controller here in the category controller uh whenever we're going to coming up to get all the

[07:09:00]
category as you can see we are sending the page purpose. We're sending the sort order and others and also we're providing the total value the category the count of documents not the length but the count of documents from the database and also providing the sort value categories all things is like the handling from the from the data structure. So that's what we are dealing here. So now we are now providing that the total and then we are providing also the refresh button to make the refreshing things and then also we have the sort order. You see once we click if we click ascending and descending it should going to select that handle source change. So of course we're going to bring back and whenever an admin going to do it can add the category here. So first after those initialization this is the header we can call. So after those statement we can now show the data itself right and pretty simple we're going to go the previous statement the previous way how the way we have been done we're going to go pretty much the similar fashion if we have the loading portion we're going to

[07:10:01]
go grab the loader if and then we're going to uh show the data according to the table and in the table need to be imported from components UI table and after that also we need to define our header itself so that's going to be uh like managing the header and below the uh table header we're going to grab the table row and also the head over here and then uh it going to be like only admin they can only take the action for that then we're going to having the table body we're going to having the table cell here and then and let me know in the comments either you are doing that one at all if you are having any issue let me know in the comments as I'm just providing the code so maybe you can do something more with that besides if you want something from the scratch, let me know in the comments. I'm going to go very slow because there is like every single thing the way I'm typing here pretty straightforward but you can make a multiple component structures to go by. And now here it will be the addit

[07:11:01]
delete add handle edit we're going to just make it later on and al also it going to be handle delete which going to be coming as an trash icon and if the no category is available no categories found right now it going to provide that loading is there and of course as you can see we made the loading as true just to initialize to see if it's working so it should be as false okay so now no category is found so now we need to do to add the category so That's the statement which going to be predefined and provides the value by which the category can run right and to do that we need to add the category model right so after that below on that portion there should be our category model which going to be providing our category we need to grab the dialogue and others so what I'm going to do I'm going to bring back all things together as we know what actually we are doing over here so let's go at the top and over Here we can just bring back everything. So all the dialogue setup is

[07:12:01]
right there. Then of course we need to also get back our form setup. So the dialogue and then it going to be coming the entire font structure. So the form control field item label and message. What else is binding? Then al also we need to have that select parameter. And for the select value we can just grab our initialization. for the okay that's the select we have the select already right so I'm going to go at the bottom layer uh I think we are almost done here so handle add category the control over here okay from add control name the select property here which going to provide the value and then the from control okay so now the problem is from the control okay now we can see what actually is doing we we should have to be to grab the input field and handle at category the function need to be there I'm going Just simply maximize that handle add category and a synchronous function and like that.

[07:13:03]
Okay, there is image upload is not defined. No worries, we can uh we can pass that. We're going to go now one by one. So this is the form add which going to be as a handle submit handle at category and in the form field we're going to have the form at dot control and first is the name and then I think why the input is I think uh maybe our input uh which we imported is not uh from where we are looking forward. So you can see the input this components UI input. Okay. Um, okay. I'm going to I'm going to just bring back that from add and from addit to decipher at the root. Okay. I'm going to just bring it at the top. Okay. Now, I need to use that use form which uh uh use form. Did we implement? Did we import that use form hook? Okay. No, no, no. Yeah, it's already

[07:14:00]
there. So, that's the from data which is not initialized. So which going to be coming need to be from by the type here which going to coming at Z infer from the category schema. Okay. So that's the one actually not handled by so far. So now as we have that so now we can now make that from schema. So use form is going to be particularly coming that hook from what's actually cannot be called at the top level. Okay. Anyway if we cannot call it at the top level we can just put at the bottom level. Okay. So that doesn't mean uh doesn't have any problem issue. So that's the from data which is not defined that was the problem. So now we can just define it here. So now we have the value here. We have the from add from addit. So right now let's go back to our parameter here. And as you can see the error is disappear. We are good to go. So first of all we need to do certain kind of things. We're going to go one by one. First this one which going to be handle add category. You see add category create a new product. If we click uh there is the image upload is

[07:15:01]
not defined. Okay. Okay, I'm going to import it first then we can do the other tricks. Okay, image uh image upload. If we now click, you see that's the form uh for the category upload form. Now typically as we are having that so we are just going to get the name the feature we can choose by default is the feature is selected and now we can also get uh whatever the category images like from there we can go directly for our public and now we can choose the images we can go back to the categories. Now you see we can now define what kind of category data we can choose for it. You see the feature category and others. If we just go directly here it's just providing at the gift ideas. We can just provide the name as the gift ideas and then we can create our category. So this is the same thing handling over here uh like the way we did for the others. The same thing is handling there also. So first of all we need to go initialize for that. Let's say it going to be whatever the function we are logging through it. So handle at category this

[07:16:02]
the function going to be rerunning over there to bring back all things to be in true motion. So first the data should be from data. So I keep everything as the same structure so that you can understand what actually we are going to do. Right? So this is the very legit way to do what I believe in that. So right now I'm going to go and make something in better. I'm going to just go grab it. I'm going to cut that and then put in the toast message and also going to be let's say fetch categories. Right now I'm going to skip it because we're not fetching the categories right now. And of course and for the error it going to be providing that exio error and if it's error is there going to provide the error. You see we're handling it right now. So we are providing everything in a very very decent method and also we're going to provide that directly the error message if we are finding any error by so far. So first what we are doing we're getting the handle at category from

[07:17:00]
their category you have the from data try private post categories and if we just go directly in the category controller uh you can see we are also handling the category controller everything in a very pretty decent way also replace already which for the categories. Now first we're going to creating our categories if success we're going to get there and then we're going to reset our data. We're going to make the set is model is as false and also set page as one. So after adding we are directly calling that first one. So whenever you're going to add the new categories we're going to go directly in the one single page and for the catch for the error we're going to grab the error we're going to passing that error message and when the error message is coming we're going to showing the error message and that's it. And over here if the error message included that already exist you see now there is a proper message segment is coming over here providing the error message and set form loading is getting by default as false. So right now I'm going to go and try to add uh a two products with the same ID.

[07:18:03]
So first of all uh okay this is the handle category right? So I recall the function okay it's already okay duplicate key because it's added a duplicate file you see the gift ids I think one is added so first we're going to fetch the categories so that it can be really understandable if our categories is available or not so con should be f categories and here going to be an asynchronous function and from that function we're going to call our category segment first of all the set loading statement going to be true and then we're going to make that let's say I'm going to make the try catch property and in the catch whenever we're going to getting the error let's say we're going to just simply get with that console.log log okay should be log and the log going to be passing that data let's say failed to uh fetch categories and then here all the error

[07:19:01]
going to be define that and the toast going to be a toast dot error we can define that should be a fail to fetch categories okay and also by default in the finally statement we're going to make that one asset loading should be coming as false. That's it. And now we're going to go especially to grab the cache value. So con response going to be response and should be coming an await private and dot it should be a get method and that should be coming for/ categories and over here we need to pass that let's say the params the params going to be passing that we're going to pass the page we're going to pass the per page uh sorry not like that per page and after that we also going to pass that sort order property by which we can grab particularly the sort property right so From there we can make a three statement. So as the response is coming

[07:20:01]
we're going to provide the set categories response to data.categories. If not there empty set total response to data total if not there is a zero property set total pages response to data total pages. If not there putting an one by default right now what I'm going to do I'm going to create an use effect property by which I'm going to call my categories right here. So like that. Now the easy effect going to work in a pretty decent way. First one I'm going to just make that one as the fetch categories. Okay. So that's the first code which we're going to provide that handle previous page is not defined and others. Okay. We're going to we're going to define that. So that's going to be a simply a function. Handle previous page handle next page. As you can see that's the function which we are actually working here. Okay. Chevron left icon need to be imported and chevron right icon need to be imported. No. So no worries uh we can fix that and go by one by one. So now this is our first category right previously we had to

[07:21:01]
create a test category right here. Now as you can see we have the total two categories we can have the one of uh two categories is done. So now you can see the previous and next button also there. So right now if we go and add another categories. So let's say I'm going to grab the image so that it will be easy to get the name. So under 100. So this is named as 100 under under $100. So that's one and creating the category. I don't know why that creating category effect is not working. I think there are okay whenever we are okay there there is an issue. There is an issue whenever we are handle add category we need to also fetch the category status and also uh we need to make that one like uh let's say whenever we are adding the categories we need to uh make the set from loading at true so set from loading should be as true and of course at the ends from loading getting false so I'm going to

[07:22:01]
just go and add another one I'm going to choose from here so that's the baby deals right here so let's select a baby deals and over here If we trying to go on that baby dels and let's say it going to it going to hot categories create you see animation is working right now and after that as you as we did you see it's going to load and baby deals is right there you see it's created hot categories baby deals the image and also the page purp is working perfectly fine now what I want for the page I'm going to provide particularly two per page right so the two values going to be per page so it going to be two and now see one to two so it has the two page and the four categories is there. If we click next, you see uh that going to be like say three to four. So if we go previous you can see but it's not changing is because we are not handling that structure but our alignment is working perfectly right and how it can be working in indefinitely in that way.

[07:23:00]
So it's pretty simple. We need to uh let our use fact to take the actions whenever we are making things done. So what I'm going to do here I'm going to say whenever the page is changing whenever our sort order is changing you call the categories again right to fetch that. So if we call the next one it going to fetching the next categories right. So right now as it's working and for the presentation what actually we are doing as you can see we can go directly there. So that's the presentation controls over here. If we have the total is bigger than zero means we are having the product. We're showing the page minus one actual data ratio. You can change the value the way you are looking forward to. Then providing the button which going to calculate the previous button which going to handle the previous page and the disable when the pages is equal to one. So that time it could be disabled once the page is like is equal to total page means there is no more pages there that can be that time also the next button would be visible. So that's the combination what we are handling now over here in that

[07:24:01]
handle previous is getting that if page is more than one then set paging page minus one and for the next page if page is bigger than total pages then it's just adding one message. So that's the simple configuration as we can be done right here. So right now we need to add some more configuration over here. So first of all as you can see we need to have two separate function which can addit and delete. So that's the things we can edit the categories we can delete the categories how we can do so we should be passing two function handle edit and delete and by props we're getting the categories by so far so that should be handle addedit and here also need to be a synchronous function and then uh not like that not should be array but should be curly braces uh like the second bracket and handle delete and also it going to be coming as an asynchronous function that's it. So okay I need to also do that. So these two function need to be working all

[07:25:00]
together. So first of all you may know what's actually we are looking forward to. We're going to go grab two of the statement by which we can do all the tricks by so far and this is the our header that's the data that's the add category and there it going to be coming the form for by which that should be the addit category which going to be coming an edit model and you know the update category going to work you see that the edit model going to open and then by the way again you can do it also with the add category but you just need to change the props value that's With a simple single model you can do that too. For the delayed the same thing the model is going to be open and the same way delayed category function need to be amplified. So first of all we're going to create these two function. So should be uh it should be con that should be the update category. That's it. And that should be uh okay should uh where's the functional value?

[07:26:03]
And then uh that should be coming as let's say uh delete. Okay. Uh I think that's the name. I I forgot. Okay. That should be I think the delete category maybe. So add category update category and then that should be handle delete category function. Okay. That's it. So that's the function going to work it all together to make things done proper. Right. So first of all we're going to go and initialize how the things can be done in a very very decent way. So the handle deate going to provide that value which going to be passing as that let's say the category going to be passing as the category which going to be by default going to grab and the set selected category should be category and is model open should be as let's say it going to be true. The similar fashion whenever we're going to handling that the data layer for our addit category we can also do

[07:27:01]
the same way we can just go and preetch that selected category as the category but we are passing by default and the from addit we're going to provide the name image URL if the image is there category type if the type is there that's it and also the is edit model going to be open so what it going to do if we click you see edit model uh delete model open if the edit that model is also open so right now we're going to add it uh okay uh $100 uh under $100 promo okay so that's the text which we're going to do and also we're going to make it as the hot categories right or top categories or hot I think the hot categories you're going to find but first of all we need to initialize that update category function now update category is pretty much similar of the way which we are dealing with that at right so first of all if uh we are happen to be like if we doesn't have that uh category uh I think uh selected category yes so that's the one of things

[07:28:01]
so I think I'm going to pass that over here and we're going to just grab the data which going to be passing as from data and of course we're going to also grab the error message here so that should be error message okay so that's the same way which we're updating you see passing the Masses category updated the similar fashion but just the route is changed which is providing a put method in categories getting with the selected category id passing the entire data and you know the model is false and also fetching the categories. So right now if we go $100 promo if we update it's getting the updating information here and now what it going to do it going to update the entire category statement is updated and I'm going to just make that one as number instead of 10 uh one I'm going to make it as uh instead of two I'm going to make it as 10. I think that's the best value to provide right now. The test category I

[07:29:02]
want to change also. So that should be today's best deal. So let's go and update that should be today's best deal and feature I'm going to go with that. So this the value and update the category. So now it going to update our initial category by so far. So there is one more thing is that ascending and descending and also you can add the feature. Now here I'm I skip the search feature. You can also do that. So first of all we can also make descending. We can make ascending. That's the things we can also do in the sort property going to be amplify. So right now we're going to access the delayed property right. So in the delayed mechanism which going to be pretty decent also for the delayed category we uh just need to delete the category statement like so. So this is the delete over here if no selected category it going to be returning on them and from the delete method coming up directly with the categories and from the categories it going to just go

[07:30:00]
passing by according to the id. So I'm going to just cut that passing the value over here the toast messages and cut that passing the value over here as the toast messages. So now what we're going to do we're going to delete a category let's say I'm going to delete that one delete. So after delete you see nothing I'm not seeing the loader you can also make the loader. So that's it. If you keep the loader working that is fine. So you you can go with that. Let's say it it going to be directly uh let's say it going to be set selected uh set uh loading as true and also you can directly come on the finally method and here make that set loading as false value you know so it can wait until the time it disappearing so if I delete now you can see the previous method is loading data is coming but it's going to be combined a bit of changes right here so It's up to you, you know, you can do it. Uh you can like you can also open a delete

[07:31:00]
model by so far to make all the delete mechanism. So I'm going to add now some more of the let's say the baby deals I think is no is right there. I'm going to delete one more property from here because I want the same structure as by so far right here. So I'm going to go with the today's best deal again. So let's go and create that today's best deal feature and I'm going to go directly to implement this one. So let's say this one and add it. So I'm going to go try to bring back the same category again like to create a multiple categories with the same parameter. So that should be it. And if we edit category trying to creating you see category already exist. Now you are getting the actual masses by so far. So this is the how we can just go and predefine all the masses value and variation. So what we can do now we can go with the best sellers and the best sellers going to get the dollar okay category. So now we're going to have our bestselling mechanism. Now this is

[07:32:01]
coming with the ascending and descending parameter. Why is not working? Because we are uh like uh not handling it functionality. So if you go directly at the header of here and over here you can see we just we're going to get that handle refresh and also handle s change. So the refresh parameter going to be the same thing remember which are going to be on and on which we defined pretty much before. So that should be the same under refresh and we're going to pass the message right here and also we're going to pass the message over here too. So we get now this is the refreshing. So upon refreshing okay handle sort change function we just define that one cost handle s change should be similar like that. Okay. So now what actually is going to do if we just refresh as you see it's refreshing the data going to

[07:33:00]
get the actual data. So we're going to make that response exist private.get same as the method just having that refreshing value right to just provide a very cultivate manner. So now for the sort change here what we going to do we're going to just simply make that one because every time a sort value going to provide it going to make that new sort order. So new sort order going to be by default as an ascending asc or it can be go and mechanism to be is d descending. So these two parameter going to be taking an action. So set sort order it should be coming as the new sort order. So new sort order. Uh okay. Uh okay that should be new sort order and the set page we want that the product page should be aligned with a single page parameter. So right now if we go ascending let's say descending parameter so the last one going to be at the top and also if you go in ascending parameter first one going to be at the top. So that's how you can just uh

[07:34:00]
iterate with the parameter value. So as we have the categories you know the things is getting a bit of cooler and implemented in a very nice and good mechanism. So now we can start building our one of the most fundamental parameter which we can call the products because the products going to have almost every single statement working it all together and product is one of the most important parameter within our project structure. Now what you going to do for the product itself? It going to handle a lot of parameter right? So this is going to be a pretty much handy. First of all, I'm going to define the type here. And in the type, we're going to just define the type as product. Going to be export type as product. ID string name, description, price, discounted percentage, stock, average, rating, image, category, ID, name, and the brand. So instead of ID name, we can just simply pass that category should be as category and the brand should be as the brand, you know, because we are

[07:35:01]
happen to be getting those things here. We have category here. We have brand here. So this is how we can combine. But in either way, you can also whatever we're going to link up through in the category ID and name. Brand ID and name. You can also pass them through like that. So that's not a big deal. But as we are having that we're going to go with a proper motion which going to be pretty defined and pretty magical. So now we can go and start pouring every single thing. So first of all in the product data you're going to have a lot of things. If you go see here, if you uh note the category, if you go in the products, you see the product that is going to filling up a lot of information right here. If you go and create, you see we have the name, description, price, discount, stock. We are getting the category according to the database. Whatever the category you're having, we're also having the brands from our database. And then we are handling the image. So there's a lot of things to be working perfectly all together. So first of all we're going to bring back our entire value statement that should be the product coming from the type. The

[07:36:01]
category also going to coming from the type and then also for the brand which need to be coming according to the type. So this is kind of things need to be there. We also need to provide the state hook and then we're going to go with the exus private. We're going to go with the post not reco right now because we're going to using direct toaster. And then we're going to use the store property and then all set. We're good to go. And for this one, we're going to just make that class name padding should be five and space y should be the uh six. That's it. So this is the value is defined. Now we're going to start building the structure and the previously how we did uh everything all the segment and others. We're going to go and just predefine the value here. So we can just go and bring back our form property right here which going to coming from the use form hook. So let's bring us use form hook and over here uh we need to go and bring back our validation for especially for the product schema which

[07:37:02]
is one of the bigger schema right now. So let's go in the validation here. We're going to pass that our product schema. So product schema going to handle certain kind of things. One thing is that the product should be having a name. name must be at least two characters. Description should be as the minimum of 10 characters is right here. And the description must be at least 10 characters and having the price ratio over here. And the price must be a positive number. So you cannot put a minus number for the positive minimum value should be zero. Discounted percentage and also going to be having this truck property categories which we need to select a category brand and the image. So this is the field which we are recording for a particularly happen to be a product and of course for to initializing the schema value properties right here we need to at the top need to define that. So we can go at the top here. So we can just make that the type should be a from data is is equal to should be z uh dot uh infer and from

[07:38:03]
there we're going to pass the method which we predefined previously done that. So should be coming that product schema. So right now as you can see we have also need to pass the resolver here from the hook form so that it can work perfectly. So now we are having the product schema together. So right now this is the uh okay this is the format. Uh I think all are coming together. So this is the okay 1 2 3 4 5 okay I think that's okay. Then also going to have the edit model and others. So right now what we can do we can do some similar configuration. So first of all we're going to grab the we're going to fetch the products this one product first. So we let's make that should be fetch our products and the fish products of course uh as the same parameter we're going to handle it's better to just go like that. So you can see here in the fish product we're going to get the current page which

[07:39:01]
going to be as receipt pages there otherwise it going to be a single or the page is selected by in the response you're going to go with the actus private going directly in the products passing the page current page per page and source order and set order set products going to be coming as the products and total should be the number of the value set total page going to be coming with the math dot sales so we're going to just getting grabbing that properly because in the categories is there is an error on that. So I'm providing the actual data ratio right here and also we are providing the debugging block but right now I think we're not requiring that. So if the product loading is happen to be an error we can simply pass that error message and of course we need to grab the toast from the server. So now we are having that fetch products data. So simply providing and use effect property uh use effect and over here we can now bind it through together to grab that let's say fetch products. So now we can see whatever the products is available

[07:40:01]
and what we can do right now we can provide a such a value which we defined pretty much beforehands which going to be coming as an header. So on that particular instance is going to be coming to certain kind of things going to be happen to be get the button property. So I'm going to go at the top. We're going to having the total value which going to coming from to then we're going to having a button which going to have a function to refresh uh the product data and also we're going to having the select property by which we can select our ascending descending parameter value. I'm going to just keep that handle so change as by default. I'm going to just console like comment on that. And after that going to be a trigger value going to be a sort value going to be also coming to be a sort content over here. Then also going to be passing that and like say it's going to be that selected item and then arrow up icon here. And after that also we need to be happen to be the arrow down icon and that also going to be a class icon

[07:41:00]
to make that one as and the set at model as true. So kind of like is this. So right now we can go through that we can refresh through we can add to we can see all the value properties. Now as we happen to be there as you can see we can call the refresh function to get uh like the source to uh provide the source and also the refresh property. Now remember the way which we have been done for especially to grab that loading property and others. So now we can go and make those things pretty decent and clear. So after that we're going to first go with the loading right and if the loading is there it should be another div which going to be let's see skeleton going to be there and if there is no loading I'm going to just go and empty basis first I'm going to provide a div there should be showing the products right so right now there should be products because if we click you see there should be loading and then the products so right now we're going to create a product skeleton which going to handle or predefined all the uh

[07:42:00]
skeleton properties. So what I'm going to do, I'm going to uh bring back all the skeletons which we have created. So in the components going to be over here as you see we have the user skeleton. So right now uh there should be another skeleton called product and then also we're going to bring the dashboard too. So now for the product skeleton here it going to be just going to be a majority of the property which going to be coming a table and then the product skeleton going to be providing the name writing uh brand. So that's the way it going to be uh deciphering the skeleton and then also you're going to provide that class name because these things going to be there. So the header going to be there the other one going to be amplify of that just going to be an static ratio to define in a very out manner. So first of all over here I think the product skeleton going to define is admin. So we are providing is admin as boolean value. So either we need to provide the admin value or it can just run true like that. So first of all from there

[07:43:02]
we can just simply grab that let's say should be product skeletal and from there we're going to provide that is admin should be grabbing our is admin value. Okay. So that's the property and of course we need to make the loading as a fy statement. So you can see that's the status qu which going to be coming as the property. So okay make unloading right now as whenever we going to having the property the having the product that time the div going to take some kind of actionable data or actionable things going to work remember we h we happen to be uh like have to be the table and also we are happen to be grabbing the table header which going to bring back the header we're going to have a have a row over there then especially for the table we are having to be the table head then if This admin there they can take any kind of action and then we are also happen to be coming up with a table body and then it's coming directly on the

[07:44:01]
table cell and after table cell you see the image property we are showing the name we are providing a price to fixed and discounted person just now here we are using this static dollar sign but in our client application in the website we are making a dynamic absolute object which can be very very handy then also the product stock and other property value ratio the cate category name. So because the category it will be there we have the brand name and now the edit button need to be like that. So when the edit and of course there the handle delete also I'm going to cover it right now and then we're going to have a trash icon right here to delete the properties and whenever the product length is is equal to zero we're going to providing the empty property right here. So that's it. So right now we are not having so now you can go no products found start by adding your first product. So that's the function which you're going to run to start the product. So when the product is available now you'll be able to see that. So this is the one

[07:45:00]
fundamental reasoning here which going to be bring back our products and of course after the product data ratio here there should be some other parameter too. So this is the product ratio then we're going to having the pination here. Remember the way we have been done beforehand. So all the pagination segments going to be amplified the way which we have been done before the next and three pages. So this is the one which can combine it all together. I'm going to just bring back things all together at the top because now later on we're going to uh we're going to just calling that oring the data on that. So that this is the hand the previous configuration going to work. Right now you're going to see nothing yet because we don't have the product. So the first thing first we need to uh initialize uh that how we can add our product. Remember the same add property add a product model we're going to do the same value here. So this is the way we're going to create there is no other way we are handling right now. So we need to follow up the way we are just mentioning. So this is the dialog button

[07:46:00]
which going to grab through it. This is the content which going to grab through it. Then we're going to also happen to have the header and in the header we're going to have the add product and other description and title. So we can uh okay not from the renx so should be coming from the components and also coming from the description. That's it. And also we need to amplify to grab the from okay. So this is the handle add product function we need to call. So this is the from field and also we need to grab the from item property here. Then also need to be passing that from label property and then passing to the from control and also we need to grab the input property right and then passing the message. So first one is getting a from control we are getting the name. So that's the name going to be coming up. Then we're getting the from control we are getting a text area which going to providing us the description. Now it doesn't have the text area. So I believe uh let's go cd into admin and here npx shadian add I'm

[07:47:00]
going to add let's say should be uh let's say it's going to be text area. So we need to uh like initialize that one after text area we also going to passing that for the price and also we are passing for the discount percentage then we are grabbing to make that other property I think is already imported. So we can just simply grab that text area component and I think this is uh pretty fine to go and make that working in this and after that we're going to happen to be okay from loading from control. Okay, I think it's quite good and then we have the image upload functionality and also we are having the dialog footer which going to combining the footer value and also getting the loader to icon once the loader is done and creating the segment. So right now okay handle add product function which we didn't create yet. So let's go at the top. So this is the function going to make everything let's say uh done predefined way should be a synchronous function over here. That's

[07:48:00]
the things. So this is the one which going to handle all of things. If we add you see how the way it going to look alike. So we are having our data structure done. So right now what I'm going to do I'm going to go directly in the handle product and in the handle uh product like handle add product. So this is the uh this is the where all the matching going to coming in all together to make things done in a pretty pretty decent way. So first of all to get the product value here. So I think did we get yeah all resolver is done our product value. So this is the handle uh add product. I don't know why the result bar is undefined any name string six more images uh why this is the product schema I want to I want to check it side by side are we missing any schema here so product schema have the name description having the price discount percentage stock category brand image that's all there so now what's wrong here anyway we we will find out sooner

[07:49:02]
al we're going to just hit that and try to grab some of the products. So, okay. So, now handle add product and in the handle add product. So, we can just grab each and everything like every single data. So, the data should be as the let's say it should be coming as the form data. Then we're going to just make that as a set from loading should be true. And then we're going to handle the try cache property. Remember the way we have been done all together till now we're going to do the same thing. Okay, you're going to do the same thing to decipher all the structurable data and all the uh resources. So error going to be coming exist error and that should be al the product is uploaded should be coming up like that. Okay, good. So it's going to go with the exos private post method data and the price should be number data price discounted percentage going to be as discounted percentage stock number should be data of the stock and once that is coming we're going to provide a toast message we're going to make a set at receipt and the set is

[07:50:01]
model should be false and then we're calling that fetch product right so this is the one which we're going to just handling if there is error it going to throw the error directly so let's go try to fetch a product so I'm going to first go grab the image which will be uh pretty easy to provide the name of that images should be the product. So let's say it going to be the tissue box. Okay. So going to providing the uh tissue box. So some dummy description for tissue box. If we try to create the error is there the price should be let's say now there is the thing in the category we doesn't have in the brand we doesn't have. So we need to decipher what kind of property we are propagating. So especially if we directly go in the price not the price in the category here stock and the control of the category you can see in the category we are providing the filter value but you see the categories is

[07:51:01]
mapping here same as whenever we are going to the brand the brand is mapping here. So first of all we need to provide the that we need to grab these two value to set the things in a proper motion right. So right now what I'm going to do I'm going to just uh grab this two function over here. So before handling of there page products I'm going to just go directly here. Okay. Uh so that should be uh I think no need to message to provide here or I think it will be better so that we we are understanding that yes if uh only error we're going to show. So this the fetch categories which going to go with the exist private to fetch the categories for/categories page one purpose one. So we are taking almost all the categories right you can also make that by default parameters also. So you see we are providing a for page 100 just to go and resolve any error if we are facing here. So right now we have two statement to grab the properties. So right now what I'm going to do I'm going

[07:52:00]
to just in a use effect property going to pass that fetch categories and fetch brands also. I'm going to just take that at the bottom. So both use effect going to coming as all together. So right now we should be able to fetch the product brand and others. So whenever you're going to come in you see the categories right now we can see the brands right now right? So we're going to start again for let's say we're going to start with that plastic bed. So let's go with that plastic bed. So plastic bed for family. Okay. So that's the one. So you're going to provide a price of let's say I'm going to provide $120. Discount by default is 10 KB. 10 stock is 10. You can increase the way you like and for the category it going to be let's say best sellers for the brand rental needs and I'm going to hit to create the product. So after that it going to let's say fail to load products. So okay first we are grabbing that. So we we provide the products right. So right now what's

[07:53:01]
this the problem is there fetch products is coming up right here fail to load products why is failing so let's go over here uh I'm going to just go inspect on the value first of all especially for the fetch products data this is the one which is fetching the entire product structure so uh okay value ex error is coming we're going to try again this time so let's say this is the one right fetch products so I think four/s So let's just load again. Uh okay. Fail to fetch products giving the exus error. So from the response uh okay from the response we're going to go in the config and here uh okay base URL is okay good. So what's the error which we are actually getting the config is fine. um response and the headers. Okay. Titled head. I think we are missing something. Request error. Okay. So the config is saying

[07:54:05]
I think it's getting a bad request. So let's go in the uh let's say application uh not application here network. Uh this is the products right? Get API for/ products payload response. We cannot get API products. I think uh are my API is down or not? So let's go to for/ server. Server is running up and good. So let's go for/ API/ product. So let's say I'm going to go with the products route. So products route/ product. Uh I think let's go to the I'm going to go directly state the index parameter is uh for/ API for slash products. So this is the route which is handling everything. P R O DTS. So that should grab it.

[07:55:02]
We are we're having some issue. Okay. uh cannot get the products. Okay, let's just debug a little more. Uh okay, through the config. Okay, request failed with the status 404. So, it's it's showing that one is not found. Uh uh okay, I think I'm going to go with the product controller. Uh product controller. So, city controller here. Now we're accessing the get method right. So let's see if we are transacted anything. We're having the create product having the image. So upload image property is right here. So either image okay I think we are missing something here. So product controller should be accessing that. So right now if we go

[07:56:00]
directly to create the products what actually is mentioning right here. So this should be let's say create product right. So the create product should access all the value property. So the image should be coming up with a secure URL. Secure URL which whatever the URL we are providing. So now for the image, did we have the cloudinary setup? So product no. Uh we not uploading the image yet. So I'm going to go and initialize that. So that's the image should be let's say you know baby mart yt for/ product. So that's the result should be coming here. And for the URL which we're going to provide that as the URL for that particularly for the result of secure URLs which going to inject. So what we can do is specially instead of create the product because we are only having one single route which we made to create

[07:57:01]
the product. So I'm going to initialize all the route right here. The get products, get product by ID, create product, update product, read product, delete product. Right? So we need to have all the routes set up done perfectly. So now we can also define especially for the server setup where we missed out the route setup so by so far. So now what's actually happened to be happen here this is that we only had that create product now we have the get product routes by which we are calling that passing that everything as the request query now also the page number limit and other we are setting that now also we are engaging to provide that value we are providing the query right here getting the query as the category query as a brand of the brand the price we are maximizing the price ratio and don't worry we I'm going to also push that directly to there in that branch so whenever you're going to putting that you're going to grab everything and also you can search through the products you can go through the direct presentation of the product you can source follow through to the product and also get product by ID and others and then also you can go to that's the one which you

[07:58:00]
use to create product and there we creating an entire product that's the update product by which we're updating and of course we are also break the product and then we are also making the delayed product segment then we're accessing that right now if we just reload we should be able to grab it because uh as you You can see okay there is saying for/ API uh product which is not accessing that uh okay we should it should work so let's go in that of the product route so in the product route we are not uh making that other statement so as you can see we have the product route some more parameter right here so we should be happen to be grab each and every other segment okay so the segment going to be for the First instant going to be coming the post method to create. The next one going to be coming as an id method to get product by id and the put and delete to update it and also going to be for getting the red product which

[07:59:00]
going to be as to the red product statement. So we need to import that from the controller. We can just grab it. We can also grab the deleted product also. We can grab the product by id. Okay. And here instead of the against of the post uh post method we can also happen to be a get method we should be passing that get products from the controller. So now we should be able to grab the product uh definitely by so far. So right now once we're calling the product our route is going to be found by so far and we should not be happen to be getting any error. So I'm going to just remove that. You see we're having that the price the image is not setting up. Remember it it it not set by so far. Once we're going to add it, we're going to make the things to be done. So now what we can do is that we can edit the product then update all the setup because once we add it we can do other things and also we can delete the products initially. So right now what we going to do as we did everything so we

[08:00:00]
can see the product our presentation going to be evaporating. You see show all to products because the presentation here is going to be a very very delicate because as you can see over here on we're going to coming up in the products ratio you see right here this is the product statement right total is bigger than the per page like if I have a 10 if I have a 12 products and per page is 10 then I'm getting a two page for the product so that my total is getting bigger than per page so I will show the page structure right now if I just remove that uh logic over here. I should be able to see my pasation right here at the bottom. You can see it will uh load right here. Okay. Uh nothing taking a bit of time. You see the pagonation. So that's the where we are putting a logic to access stopping the access on it. And again I'm really really sorry if you're feeling I'm making fast and forward move. You know it's AI my dear. So you need to go fast and forward in my next uh coming project. I have four five

[08:01:00]
projects there and it's taking a bit of long time to induce all of those things. But we're going to go and initialize those things uh very very soon and very well. So right now what we need to do is that to create another property which going to update the product right. So uh it can we can see that uh it should be unable to edit our product in like uh explanary. So so it should be one edit and second time again one delete. So let's go and bring back our edit functionality here. So this is the one which going to handle all of that. So this is the edit functionality and handle update product which the function going to be run and form edit going to be working on that. So the name is working the other control like for the description is working and also getting to be the price. So entire form statement the same thing we're just providing the data ratio to in an actual flavor so that it can really take an action to grab the data itself and after that also we are going to have a dialogue property here. So let's grab

[08:02:01]
the dialogue here and also the contain here and then let's go back to the header and I'm way I'm importing that. So while I'm importing you can see the structure what actually we're providing the text and what we are doing as you're going to have the entire code statement. Now also we are providing the footer right here and then also another is the cancel the statement and then we're going to having that alert action button and in the action we're going to have two things handle delete product. So this is the one thing here. So handle update and handle delete product. The two function we need to provide here. So const handle uh update product which need to be an asynchronous function and this should be one and then con handle uh delete product. So that's also going to be an asynchronous function. So this is the two function going to handle those entire statement. Okay. Right now once we click nothing going to happen because remember in our product

[08:03:00]
statement what we did here we are not opening that structure. So let's go back in our uh okay this is the addit product okay not that model should be coming up over here in the product. So right now what we did here we muted to action property here the function which we have been build up. So this is the one which going to pass in the edit product passing that as product. So now what we need to do we need to grab that two property to initialize the value. So I'm going to just bring that at the top. So top of that to function we're going to provide that to variable. So the product going to bring back entire product set product that uh like set selected product going to be the product which we selected and from reset we are receing with the actual value the previous val whatever value we have because we're going to add it on that and set edit model is open similar for the delete putting the providing the method for the product here only you can pass the ID and it will be fine for the deleted product if you passing the ID

[08:04:01]
that also going to be okay so now I'm going to just providing the ant statement. So if we try to delete we can delete from here. If we try to add it uh okay edit okay but it's not working set is addedit model uh open. So it's true. So if you go handle addit okay this is the is admin should be okay I'm going to make a reload here. Maybe something we are messing up. So addit no uh add product is coming. Edit product is not coming. So let's just check again. So this is the uh okay add product model. This is the edit product model. Uh what's the wrong here? I'm going to just check one time again. So the console here uh okay string value attribute try to add it. Okay the type error can properties of null reading ID. Okay. So where I'm using the id handle addit. So the handle addedit statement.

[08:05:02]
Okay. Okay. Okay. So the product name, product image. Okay. ID. So the I'm going to keep the similar name underscore should be a product dot let's say ID. I think that's the one which cannot finding that. So maybe no. Uh that should not be it. Okay. So at only candle addit. Okay. Product category do ID product category. So this is the one. So product dot category dot ID should grab it. So is the Okay. Uh okay. This product doesn't have the category. Okay. That's the one. Ah this one going to work. Okay. I'm going to delete that. Okay. So click it. Delete it because that product has some problem. We're going to delete it. But I'm going to edit this one. Okay. So it's just

[08:06:00]
getting the plastic bed. We can upload the product. So from here plastic bait also we can change the bestseller to the baby deals or we can best sellers or we can make the today's best deals. Okay. Now if we just update the product we can we should be able to update it. So now we're going to bring back the functionality by which we can upload the entire structure. So to do that I'm going to just bring back the functionality by which we can upload update the entire statement. First of all, I'm going to just go grab that. So, let's just grab it. And also that should be the synt. We're going to provide the value on that. The data should be coming as the from data. And also, as you can see providing the error and others and if there is an error message, we should be providing the error message specified error message. So, I'm going to remove that description property and others. Okay. So, right now what we can do here if we click on update, you see it's updating. So the image should be uploaded and it going to work perfectly

[08:07:00]
fine. So after updating it going to fetch the product. You can see now the plastic bait is updated. And of course for the delete uh product that should be very simple. So that's the one also the similar of that ratio here. We can just simply get that if there is no selected product we're going to just go backward. We don't we want to return it. If we have that product we're going to go hitting that route. And if we did successfully everything we are providing the message that product is deleted successfully model is false we are just fetching the product again and the same thing going to do again and again we're going to cut it and then we're going to paste the value. Now what we can do here uh we're going to just simply click it delete the product. So now that's the way uh we can delete it and we have a good product here today's best deals. Now we can add more products. Now to first to adding that we're going to add that. So boy short. So let's say should be boy short pant and

[08:08:02]
some dummy text for short pants. And the price we're going to make it a 20. Discount should be okay. And the category let's say bestsellers brand like that. Creating that uh product. So we should having the product perfectly. So now as you can see also you can make another things to clone the product. So whatever data is there once you copy and clone it going to just directly clone that and you can update the slack you can do it. So right now you understand what actually is happen to be there and the same thing going to happen to go the banners where we can uh like adapt the banner. So I'm going to keep the products like that because right now if we go ascending and descending I'm going to make it work then we're going to do some more things. I think the refresh also not working. So to do that first of all uh I'm going to go directly in our header at the top. So that should be coming as the refreshing and also coming should be that handle sort property right. So let's go bring back those

[08:09:00]
things together. So that should be I think that should be our refreshing property and on that refreshing once it's done it going to be providing that pretty uh decent message and if there is an error it going to also provide this message here and after that for especially for that let's say uh sort property here by which we can assort the product forget the name here again should be uh I think it could be handle delayed handle previous next handle change I think it should be handle source change so this the one going to be run with that set order going to be order value and page going to be one if I go in descending we should be seeing that now it's not calling it's because once we're calling the function over here especially for the use is use effect parameter where we're calling it together you see right here we can just set that once the pages changes once the source value is check

[08:10:00]
order is changes you better call the functionality over there. So if you put descending you can see we having that uh boy shown if we put ascending we should be have able to be uh that plastic bit is at the top so now it's working perfectly later on I'm going to just change my database to access on that particular data so that you can also use your own data structure like so. So now we're going to build uh our for the brand property. Of course, there is some sort of changes. Uh I think that's not that much mandatory. It's just uh coming I think this kind of a type error. If I just try to reload my window, I think that will disappear for sure. But if not just kind of like caching property is happen to be once the like your editor is running because it's getting a much of heavy. So no worries about that. That should be fixed by so far. So I'm going to close everything and then I'm going to go directly in my let's say it should be the brands page and not branch should be let's say the banner page where we're going to have our entire banner statement. So in our production if we go

[08:11:00]
directly in the banners we have like a two banners only and the two banners going to contain some kind of data structure. We have the best deal and others. If you can see we have our this statement and also if directly if you directly go in our let's say uh in our website over here you can see that two banner is loading from the database not from here. So this is the structure and text everything coming from the database itself. So right now we're going to also fill up those statement right here. So to do that put a class name uh for a class name the padding should be five and space y should be uh space y should be six. Okay so right now what we're going to do we're going to bring back the old property together. So first of all I'm going to just go and decipher the entire statement the entire page value the way we are digging things up and I'm going to explain what actually we are going so far so that you can understand what is uh just happened to be there the same property same uh

[08:12:00]
statement is going one and all so it's better that we can move forward. So over here we also need to be passing that banner schema. So define that so the schema here which we defining right here. Okay, it's good. So, we are doing everything in the single page data ratio. Uh, and also for I think we can just pass that message here which going to be coming like that and that should be I think we should make that as simple as previous. It's because of the update we can't directly use that because we all are using the updated information here. So, we just need to import the toast from the soner and what else? Okay, that's the thing. I need to change a lot of the way and like that. Okay, so now so one more time. Okay, should be replacing this and should be coming up with fail to float. Of course,

[08:13:02]
need to remove the description here and okay, it's too much. It's just really really too much. So let's just pass that and also I'm going to grabbing it from here and passing it right here. Okay. So right now uh especially uh what else we are needing here? We need to get that image upload option. So from the component and we're good to go. So right now if we just save the banner. So uh this is the banner page here. I need to make it reload here to get everything done. And of course we need to provide some of the class name property here. uh after that we need to make a padding of five here. Now we are going to side by side actually how and why we are doing those actions. The same thing as you can see just a similar pattern which are following through and also if we directly go in the banner controller I think you can have that banner removed uh like the banner controller having the delay banner add and create everything is right here. So I think we're good to go. So first of all we're grabbing the

[08:14:01]
banner. So as you can see we are getting that banner set banners we are having the load like the loading option is model open and also the delete model open and by so far the edit model open and also we are providing that selected banner portion. So now here is coming on that from uh loading refreshing I just private is admin. So this is the property value giving the from add and from addit right now at the top I think uh okay here and here. So this is the one schema I don't want to pass that I'm going to go with my validation and here I'm going to provide that entire schema portion which I really really like. Okay. So that's our schema should be right here. So banner schema. Okay. Uh okay schema is not defined. Why it should be defined? We already imported it. Banner base schema is not defined. Did you call it? Yeah, that's the banner schema which we are getting directly from there.

[08:15:01]
Export con banner schema. This is this is uh kind of not cool. And also I'm going to take back the type. Okay, so type that should be grabbing here. So let's make that export banner going to be getting the type from there state property from there. So banner from there. Okay, cool. That should work. Okay. So right now what actually happened to be there? We're getting the add getting the addit method getting the fetch banners method where we are we don't want to uh allow the response. So getting the error property and the refresh all property here which is getting that banners for/banners. Now directly fetching there are no add no pagination and others added added model they here for the delete operation and also the add banner. And if you just click on that model here, we're going to go directly on that similar property here. So let's say I'm going to just

[08:16:00]
copy that. So let's copy and paste that also this one which going to be passing that same value. And from 50 hot deal. So from uh 50 and also the type which going to be coming as the hot deal. We can just initialize the type the way we want. And after that we can directly go in our images and over in the images going to be good back to the banner. So this is the first banner which we are looking forward to and creating the banner. So we should be able to see our banner together and and then we can also uh be able to update the banner. If you refresh it can always refresh the banner property. And if you go directly to grab the second banner itself we can uh also grab it. Well so let's go and put it like that. And here it going to be coming for the baby still product. So baby still starting from 70 and again that should be also coming as a hot deal and now we're going to just provide that one which going to be coming as a small banner properties and then it's just

[08:17:00]
going to be uploading as such. So we're just adding there. So we have the two banner. So this is the banner statement. So this the style you can change because that's the same banner same classification we have been done by so far. So as you can see this is pretty cool to do in so right now after that uh we have one parameter which uh where we are actually happen to be that invoices parameter which we need to go with the calculation of the orders without orders we cannot go and modify we have the orders route where we need to have those orders otherwise you can't go with that then we we have the accounts where all the calculation going to be coming from the accounts statement then we're having the dashboard now in that dash dashboard we can now foring the data because we have the user products categories brands and it doesn't have the orders we can bring it later but we have the categories distribution right so what I'm going to do I'm going to go directly here in the pages should be coming uh over here in the dashboard property right so the

[08:18:01]
dashboard we can just go align with that so that we can pouring a lot of data together so what kind of things we can go and to do with the dashboard property right so What I'm going to do, I'm going to just pouring the data in in in a very legit way so that it can uh really make a lot of sense. And for the chart charts property, we can just simply go with that npm and we're going to use that uh our rich charts. So that should be rechars here. So that's the one which we're going to use to combining and show all the charts charts functionality here. I'm going to copy that over here and then I'm going to go in my admin. I'm going to just install this one to let it work and flourish within my parameter and also to go and to do work with that uh I need to uh keep that here. So should be initializing some of the parameter itself. So first of all we need to grab a lot of data property right. So if we just go in

[08:19:00]
that states route. So you can see the states controller we are passing all the value here. All the route is set. So we can now go and hit back the data together. So first of all to go start with that uh we need to go and say we we will uh make some interface here. So at the top that should be our states data which going to be having a counts uh like the calculation counts or instead of keeping there we can simply go up the type and here we can just simply pass that should be export you can put type or interface that's up to you. So right now what is happening in the counts we have the user number products count categories count brands count orders revenue count and the role is coming category is coming brands also coming. So that's the uh interface which we're going to use and also we're going to use some of the aesthetic colors by to maintain that maintain to property value to go and see and sleek design. So that's the color property we are providing for the richard to go through

[08:20:00]
that blue inte purple red and green. So that's the color ratio we're going to decipher and also we're going to provide some of the parameter which going to be passing that as the container variance which the hidden opacity should be zero visible opacity one transition for the striker children 002 and the same way the current variance should be passing in that ratio and after that we're going to go and bring back our things together. So this the dashboard page and then we're going to having our states data here. Then also we're going to provide that user state parameter here. We're going to use the aios private here to get the data and the toast we're going to use directly. First of all uh we're going to also make that uh currency parameter here. So should be the format currency for international currency conversion. We're going to use the USD currency format to go international wise especially for in the dashboard. You can see all the currency setup is showing in the dollar statement for the revenue purpose and others. So we can also make things work like so far

[08:21:02]
and first of all we need to go and fetch the property fetch the data. So it's simple. We can just call a function here which you know you already did that instead of calling the function directly we can just call the function using directly in the use effect because previously we're using the independent function. Right now we are calling the function within the property of that fetch like so this is the use effect. So fetch states property here we're going to go with the aios private get states property and then we are getting the response and we are providing the data right here. And now if you want to go with that states route states route you need to have that protect. So either you need to be admin you need to have a user to go with it and also you can just go like make it as admin. If you just go that let's say I also need to be only admin can access you can add that so only admin can access the dashboard right so so now here in the dashboard we need to start pouring the data to

[08:22:00]
looking it better so now we're going to bring back everything here so in the div we're going to provide a lot of things properly so I'm going to just put some of the class name over here to make it looks nicer so that things going to be coming up all together okay there is some problem so in the users We're having that in the dashboard parameter. This header is getting little bit uh squash it together. Y. So let's go. Uh I think uh maybe we are mixing something. Okay. I'm going to remove that. Okay. Yeah, that that that that should be done for there. Okay. It's it's getting only for that minimum screen is getting there. So it's crashing it all together. Okay. Right now what we have we have a very good scenario by which we can directly go and inject all the property and right now uh of course we need to provide some of the data if we have the uh loading state uh like loading then we're going to provide that our let's say dashboard skeleton

[08:23:00]
which we haven't created before and then if there is the data we're going to just simply pass the div and here we're going to pass an h1 tag should be let's say uh dashboard over you and of course we need to provide I think I missed this one. So dashboard. Okay. So now if we just make that reloading, you can see how this things is working. So that's the things going to be working perfectly aligned. And I think also this one should be uh not taking that particularly for the minimum height and width. So I think if we have screen property, no, we doesn't have that battle. But still we're just crashing it with that layer parameter. Anyway, I think it's just crashing it because this one is crashing it together. So, what we can do uh animate rounded pulse if we Okay, if we just uh make something this one out man. Anyway, yeah, we can we can fix

[08:24:00]
that later. But now for I think we have the live is still having the issue. Okay, live having that same parameter which uh we didn't fix it yet. No live is okay but why our this segment is not okay. Okay. Anyway uh we can we can we can fix that. So no worries. Now over here in the dashboard so we can go directly on that. So let's just go and provide some of the class name for it which going to be like that. So and also we can just simply make that div over here. Put a class name and then we going to just yeah I don't I think no need to put any kind of stagger ratio here. Now what we going to do for the state property we're going to provide some of the data statement right now. So after the div we're going to have those data statement and I'm going to explain one by one. So no worries about that. And for the parameter over here we're going to bring back a lot of things from the charts over here. So at the top we can just import that entary statement

[08:25:01]
for the chart bar chart bar cell x-axis y-axis and uh let's say the car uh it's that the curtis curtis uh I think that curtisian grid tool tip legend then responsive container pie chart and pi and also happen to be there in the lucid icon we're going to have some more icon from there especially to grab that user shopping bag tag bookmark package and the dollar sign and also We're going to having that current container and also the others. So, we're going to bring back the current container here. Okay. So, right now, if you go at the top layer here, we have the motion div. But I'm not using the motion right here. But I told you for you can use the motion if you wanted to. But right now, I'm going to just go and make that one as simple as it is. No need to use the motion. So, I'm going to skip the variant. I'm going to skip the card variant too. And then for the states card, right now I I'm not having that uh structure. So should be states card. I'm going to just bring back that one which you can simply use

[08:26:01]
that. So should be coming uh in that our components. So here you can just simply pass it. So that's the state class. So the link is coming not react router DOM should be react router only as we are using the updated version. So here we're going to provide that statement by which we're going to providing the data. I'm going to come back later on. So just import it. Now over here also uh okay the motion is used so far on I think yeah I'm going to go with the motion okay let's just let's just foring that because uh alo using uh it uh loss of the places here so I think I can simply go with the import should be coming as motion and that should be coming from motion not module motion react okay so the stats card should be coming here and the card variance. Okay, the card variance is right here. So, it should work. Now over here, uh it's going to be providing the value here. I think this

[08:27:01]
variant is not working properly. It's because of that motion which we use. We are using uh because we're using the motion directly in the motion not the framer motion. So that can be making some issue if you go directly in the packages. we have uh uh we are using the motion directly from uh motion not frame or motion yeah directly the motion so that's the issue anyway we can see if the error is persisting then we can fix that too so right now uh I think uh the percent and others okay I'm going to save that let's see if we popping something or not I'm going to reload it and if the error is persisting we can go and fixibly just rewrite that again so it's loading loading it's still loading I I think something may be broke. Okay, we're getting the data. So, we our colors is not working. No worries. We're going to see we have the users, forex, categories, bands, total orders, and total revenue. So, now we're going to go and hinder why the other parameter is

[08:28:00]
not worked. So, first of all, this is our colors. Okay, this is our container value opacity. And after there, our number is coming directly there. So, the variance which going to come in for the current variance. So this is the card variance over here. I'm going to also just get that npmi framer uh frame m framer motion just to see if uh what happened any anything to be if okay I think I forgot the name of it. So let's just go at the top and then we're going to use that even it's an old library because now they are using the motion. So I'm going to just use that just to be uphold because in the client side we use the motion not the frame of motion but here as we did so far it can happen to be providing some of the error. So make that reload again reload the window just to see if uh uh these things is working perfectly or not.

[08:29:01]
Okay. So, right now this happened to be a good uh validity here. And also, okay, I think I think we're good. We're good because the other property value is not uh because we have only one categories, right? And the card variance. Okay. The error is disappear. So, I think it's because of that maybe or because of motion react. I think it's just because of some uh yeah it's because of the motion react because the framer motion is happen to be to providing those criteria but uh our new motion is not handling uh I think so again if we try to reload the window I think that would be good so we're going to use the frame motion just to adapt those things maybe the library is not updated yet so right now as we did uh we can see over here we are just generating the stats card and if you just directly go in the stats card uh as You can see what we are

[08:30:00]
actually receiving here. We're receiving the title, value, description, icon, class name, and href. And then for the hype, you see if we click on the users, it going to go directly in the user. So that's the value how it going to sit. So also if you click any of the particular data ratio, you're going to directly go and jump on to provide you this get that total value to work on that. So this is how it going to render. You're going to have the header the title whatever the title property like you can just make like if I just make that one as commented the title if I go you see the title is gone so that's how it going to hindering the title icon and total value over there so revenue is nothing there is okay then we're going to also happen some more property here skip that so no worries about that it's just getting the typo error so this is the entire statement for the let's say it's the BS chart over here we use to showcase the chart value and if we add multiple products like we have the uh best sellers and today's best deals right so that's the product right so we're going to add some more products let's go and if we add whenever we're going to add

[08:31:00]
some more product that should work directly so I'm going to let's say it should be a test product test product so this is the test product and here putting the price okay discount and uh I think we're going to make that best baby still Okay. And then we're going to just use uh some of the product data images should be coming on the products list. Just go and use that. Okay. So now we're going to have three different products like three different flavor of products right here and it should upload to our database structure to provide some uh you see today's best deal best sellers baby deal. So if you go in the dashboard that should be having two criteria of product right here. So that uh okay it's loading it just getting the loading time little bit uh I think longer it's because of my network issue could be it's possible you see we have three and the color is change so the color is coming like that so if you have another one diaper and wipers you can get that

[08:32:00]
so the color combination is working I think it's pretty cool and defined so we have like an order value nothing brands one and others so if you click it going to go directly to the brand so everything working perfectly fine so this is the setup for your admin as for the account and order and invoices we can only come in here once we are having the data for right now if it doesn't have the data it will not that much good to go so right now I want to finish one more property here which is getting to be like uh the padding property here I don't want to give a padding here okay so hello I don't know why this uh layer is just grabbing it. So this is the page here, right? So if you go in the app, this is the header and where is this the header, right? So the header going to contain. So height is 16. Let's say we're going

[08:33:00]
to provide a background color of red to see. Yeah, that's the rate. But the background is not uh is not grabbing the 16. If we make 24, let's see. Somehow it's is it's breaking the lead. Uh it's because uh maybe we need to provide the height uh in a proper way. Uh okay. Anyway, I'm going to skip to have that. So now should be minimum height should be screen. That's that's weird. If you can fix that, let me know in the comments because this this should be similar of that. We're using the same compartment to just go by. But somehow we are missing the uh I think we are missing or some manipulation is happening at this layer. So I think so especially for the div here previously it has been gone through the space y and providing a max with mx auto. This one is not reco right

[08:34:01]
now. Okay. So that should work together. Uh, okay. I'm going to just make that padding disappear. So, put a class name and padding should be five. Space Y should be six like what we did for before and others. Okay. So, this is working. But this header layer, if you go in the users, it's okay. Admin and others. If you go in the dashboard, this is disappearing. Uh, okay. There is something is appearing here at the top. You can see that, right? So, I think this is the problem here. So if we go in the dashboard layout so over here something at the top dashboard skeleton here so that's by so far this coming for the text anyway keep it like that if you can fix it let me know in the comments so right now you're having that so statement is working perfectly all other route which we can now uh significantly do after happen to

[08:35:02]
be grab all the products and others so be on it I'm going to push that ant statement right now so you can directly engage that. So what I'm going to do right here, I'm going to just uh remove that the ENB file. I'm going to just uh discard it so that whatever the previous ratio here, you will get it as far. So So what I'm going to do, I'm going to enclose my server. I'm going to enclose my client here and also I'm going to cd into top. So I'm going to clear it. Let's say I'm here in the admin setup. So np I'm going to make that uh get at dot. Let's see if you're having anything. No, not so far. Admin, that one. Okay, it's cool. So, dot and then get commit. And here admin setup addit. Okay. And get push. So, and also get push should be your origin. Then should be admin setup. Okay. So, now I'm just

[08:36:02]
pushing that everything. You can just simply find that in admin setup uh data structure. All the images is right there. All the setup data ratio is right there. So you can have everything there. So all the best try to finish it up and rest of the code it going to be coming part by part to you also going to build the client client code going to be there and when we're going to update especially the uh like uh the backend branch it going to be deployed there also. So all the best finish that too and then I'm going to see you to build up whenever we're going to build our client website and app. I'm going to see you with that. Hello everyone. So in our today's video, we're going to build up the client setup of our application. As we started for the baby mart, we built up our admin portion which having the proper admin structure as well as we are also build our server. So today we're going to focus to build our client setup. Just feel free to clone the repository if you doesn't have that two

[08:37:00]
parts which is the client and server. We did all the things and all the code is pushed to that repo. So you can directly clone it and use it as you want. So the link it will be in the description as well as all other link it will be available right there. So first we're going to run our server and then we're going to start build because right now we no need to focus on the admin. We're going to go and come back later on as now our work going to be consisting with the server and then especially for our client angel activity. So you're going to go cd into server and then we're going to put npm rundev to start our uh local host is spinning. As you can see it's running in local host API server is running. I think we can just simply go in our local host 8000 and we will be able to see that our application server is running and for sure if you go in our API for/roducts we should be able to see and visualize all the three products we have been uploaded. later on I'm going to change my server setup so that we can get through all the product details.

[08:38:01]
Right? So this is the one then we if we just go and take the another terminal let's go to the CD into admin and npm run. I'm going to just have you an understanding what kind of things will happen to be in our admin. So this is the admin setup which having the full course admin viewpoint and of course having through the dashboard and if you go directly in our products we should be able to see the products. Now the one thing you need to understand every single images we use here all are already provided in the repository and that repository it just right here I'm going to just go and pull that for you. So this is the repository which is recommended to use for to get all the things all the uh property value which is going to come back. This is the one which is the baby marked YT. So here all the update portion is there. This is the main for the core setup. Then we are having for the branch for the server setup where all the server code is right

[08:39:00]
there and along with the server setup if you go directly in our admin setup the code is already underlying right here. And today what we're going to do is that to create our client app and of course after that we're going to also happen to be have our mobile application building using react native. I know it's getting a little bit delayed but we're going to finish that ASAP. Now you can upload your product right here. So I'm not going to go and hit on that particular instances because I'm going to grab my product by so far. So as you can also see we have the banner by so far and others. So I'm going to just close that one because this is a very handy if you know what is actually happen to be in the uh admin. So I'm going to just go portion back there and let's go into cd into client app. uh it should be uh it should be client not app and here I'm going to make that npm runde which going to running a application right here which going to just coming and local host 3000 because this is the application is the main

[08:40:00]
portion of our application and we build it using the nextjs because our admin relying on the vjs but our client is happen to be in right here. So as you can see right now this is a very super cool and working perfectly fine and underlying the things is very clear. So now what I'm going to do I'm going to go in the server and here in the env I'm going to change my server like change my database where I have I'm having all of my products data all of my categories data. So you can upload and then start from that on I have been changed my data set like the database for the MongoDB. Now if we go directly here as you can see I have total 19 products. So in that way I'm just modifying this. So this is the one which you get a clear cut of the baby mark e-commerce platform we have the client side website. So this is the feature and other setup which you're talking about right here. Especially if you go in our client I'm going to just close all of that in the source. And here in the app if you go in the page

[08:41:02]
tsx this is the one actually containing everything. So I'm going to just close all of the parameter right here. I'm going to just take a div here. So let's just get a self-closing div. So make it here as a client application itself and that going to be changed right there. So now this is the setup for our at the new beginning where we're going to start building our application. So first of all we're going to happen to be clearcut some of the phenomena. First of all it going to be coming to our let's say uh it going to uh what kind of things it going to be evaporating. As you can see we have the top bar here we have the header and other property. So this is going to be a kind of very cool setup. So first of all especially if we go directly on our layout segment we're going to have a little bit of a little bit of very good uh concion. So especially in the page we're going to go one by one to let you understand how we going to go and paint the scenario. First of all, we're going to have to be

[08:42:00]
like that. Let's say a category section. It will be there which going to be coming at the bottom layer. And then also we're going to happen to be our banner. Then we're going to have our product list setup. And after that it going to be coming also let's say uh it going to be making to that baby travel section. And also this kind of section you can add as much as you want it to be. Also it going to be let's say going to coming with that uh comfy so should be comfy apparel section ap uh a I think so apparel section uh just uh apart from me if I happen to be some kind of type of mistake uh please forgive me for that and then I'm going to also make that let's say feature services section sr vi Okay. Okay. I'm going to write it again.

[08:43:00]
Services section. So these all are the sections going to be coming in our home layer. And if we go in our layout section here. So in the layout we're going to also like going to be making everything a very very cool segment here. So as you can see uh below the body like before the body it going to happen to be coming our let's say uh it going to happen to be our header here. it going to be coming because every single application there the header and footer going to be uh underlying there and also going to be coming a footer. So right now before starting so there is one thing you need to be a clear like happen to be a clear concept in mind this over here every single setup is done just for uh let's uh kick start right we enables the shen UI we enable the CSS but uh something need to be clear up what is that is that in the components in the UI you see we have the button right but we need to initialize all of the components library all of the

[08:44:00]
UI which we're going to use uh from the shell shell UI. So you can just grab it all together in a very single instances. Just take a new terminal. I'm going to make it a bigger and then make sure you are cd into client. So you are within like inside the client site directory. You need to make sure about that one otherwise uh you may have the fallback. Okay. Uh what is uh okay this error ignore this error. This is not error. create a side effect for the import or whatever blah blah blah it's not uh a problem or you can also remove that error by so far it's just going to be creating declaring your uh the module for the CSS and it will just uh gone by I'm just using an extension for the type script and that is just coming from there so no need to worry about it that would be fine to keep it like that also as you can see we have all the setup so you should not uh like uh cry for it but ignore it if you happen to be now what you need to do we need to grab almost all the things to require for the setup

[08:45:02]
like for the shien UI whatever the UI we are using and whatever the configuration which we are going to set up. So first of all let's say it going to be npx uh shenan uh at latest and then we're going to go let's I'm going to try with an alert dialogue. If we just see if the dialog is just coming up then I'm going to just provide this entire segment to go and work with it. As you can see it's checking the registry and installing the dependencies which going to be the radius UI from the react alert dialogue. So we need to be confirming all of that. So as you can see all the setup is configured. So uh okay uh there is slot and because I think that should be coming as manual I'm going to keep it later. I'm going to try another one npx shuten at latest. Let's try with that. Uh it should be alert. Okay. So let's see if alert is coming. I just want to check if one is coming then I'm going to run a command by which we can just like

[08:46:01]
install all of these. As you can see we're having our alert. So means it's working. So okay perfectly fine and also you can check from delshian.com here you can see all of the components right here how it going to coming up and okay this is the alert dialogue which we miscalculate on that you see that is how you can say alert dialogue so I'm going to just copy this one so right now if we just go right here and this time if we try that should getting the alert dialogue I maybe I happens to be made some mistake right here so you can come over here cross check all that components if you recur you can take if it doesn't require at all you can just remove it it's up to you but I'm going to use it so you it's it's going to good if you're going to use that too and alert is using the button I'm not going to update that I'm going to keep it as simple as it is now I'm going to write a command which going to be instead of this one I'm going to just write that all name I'm I want that avatar I want now space and just write

[08:47:03]
whatever things you want so I'm going to write everything and then going Hit enter for after the badge. I also need to have uh the breadcrumb uh bread and make sure no type of mistake. And then I'm going to have a calendar and also the card checkbox. I'm just doing it as the first scenario so that I need no need to worry about that. I know the all need to be working together should be happen to be dialogue and form input label and then pop over. After that uh also I need to have that radio group and after that also the select separator uh sidebar and some more is there. It's a lot of things there. So sidebar and then it's going to be coming skeleton and the

[08:48:01]
sooner you're going to make it later not now because uh that could be coming for the like toast messages switch and after that let's say table tabs and also need that text area and then should be coming in the toggle tool t hit enter so now this much components I need to grab from the sheni y which going to be providing me the topmost boost by which we're going to create some a clean slate of design. I'm going to close everything. So right now we're going to start building the possibilities how we going to ensure that our application going to stand out. So first of all we're going to start building the setup for our header right so as you can see in the components we have the UI that UI going to hold that UI directory going to hold all of that components going to come in from the shell UI rest of that we're going to just keep in the component. So I'm going to create another directory I'm going to name as a header because there is a lot of things going to coming from the header. So whatever the things

[08:49:01]
we are importing in header we're going to keep within that header directory. So I'm going to create a component here. Uh okay in that header take a new file should be header.tsx rafce which going to generate a new file formation. So hit enter that going to build up our header. So now we are having header. I don't want to get the button. So get it done like that. So now we are having almost everything properly aligned and we are good to go. So first of all I'm going to go in my layout instead of that procedure right here. I need to happen to be provide that header right. So if we go directly over here as you can see I need to provide that just make a reload because as you can see we're having that till post CSS. This post CSS is coming directly and definitely from the components which we use. So I'm going to go open my terminal and npmi I'm going to install all of that so that it going to have that for both CSS configuration and it will not

[08:50:00]
freak out and provide a very good scenario to how we can start building our uh all the setup and also one more things I need to go and initialize over there as for the coming to be as the container because the container going to hold almost every single scenario and uh as the container going to be passing by I can Simply make that one in the components here. I'm going to take another directory which going to be a common directory. We're going to keep all the common file right here. So over here should be container.tsx. So this is going to be holding every single container property. So rafce and then okay I think uh it's getting a bit of destructive right here. Okay. Enter. So that would be the container for us. Then after installing that post CSS we make sure if you're still persisting the error because uh maybe in our whenever we are building the segment for our uh like the initial routing setup for our application in the post CSS may not be

[08:51:02]
happen to be the tailwind CSS or CSS configure because that line it should not be there. So make sure your post CSS doconfig.ms file should be containing like that setup. If not you're going to have that error what we are facing beforehand. So be make sure you are happen to be have that current setup as well. So now we're going to just set back to clearcut our config file like our container file which going to happen to be a providing the data structure and then going to provide a proper ratio statement and what we going to do here we instead of providing an all of the chunk we're going to have in a two more property as coming to be the props and so we're going to define that interface because as we are using the typescript so should be uh interface and I'm going to provide a name as props and every single time whenever you're going to declaring or you're going to just taking back the uh container anywhere it should be happen to be at the children by default which going to be react dot

[08:52:00]
react node as the type element and also it can be providing that class name either it can be there or it cannot be there if it's there it should be as an string. So now it going to be happen to be the children and happen to be the class name. And what we going to do in the middle layer it going to just are reviving the children by itself. And of course we're going to provide some of the custom class name here. And first of all we're going to use the C and value which going to coming from our li as you can see in the li here we are having one hs function which actually like like uh removing the conflict about that telwin configuration setup for like whenever we are declaring the telin configuration it can either going to be a miscalculation whenever you're providing any kind of structurable data layer so in that way if you're using the CN it going to remove that config and it going to provide that classy CS CSS properties. So I'm going to provide that max which should be uh screen to as uh 2 Excel. And as you can see my uh configuration

[08:53:02]
like my the setup for that like tin CSS intellisense is not working even I have that extension which going to be name of that CSS intellisense and this is not your fault. Even you have that it may not work is because of the tele CSS version 4. So now I'm going to there is an update scenario how you can set up that but I don't want to show it right now to you because I want to go the manual setup as much maybe you all people are uh most of the people have the same statement the way I'm facing right now. So now what I want you to configure you see in my root I have the client and in the client I have the source and in the source I have my app and within the app I have my globals CSS. I I want I want to I want you to memorize where our application is lying where our CSS file is underlying. So this is the CSS file which we are happen to be right there. So what I'm want to do is that I'm going to open the settings. I'm going to just open settings tab and I'm going to type that

[08:54:01]
CSS. Now in the tailwind CSS as you can see not the first one the second one which going to be that config files. Let add it in JSON. So now as you can see we are having like styles flow CSS. So this is not be there. It should be client and then in the client we have the source. Then we have the app. So it going to be underlined the telins experimental config file which going to be coming as the client source app and then global css. So I'm going to go in my uh let's say in the container and I'm going to just provide a padding of four. As you can see right now I can see it's working. So I can just provide the padding x the vertical uh p like horizontal padding as x4. And now I can see it's working perfectly. So that's way that's that's that's the same scenario you can configure and set up your the config file and provide the class name. So now we're good to go. So I this is the container which going to providing that max width as a screen and also the MX auto. So keep in the middle and also providing the padding access

[08:55:01]
for so I'm going to close all of the things. I'm going to go back in my header. So now the header going to be uh need to be amazing because header going to contain a lot of properties lot of scenario. First of all, uh let us see if we have like in the app uh in the source who should be happen to be uh just grab all the uh assets here. So I'm going to just grab it uh for you. So that should be in our source that should be the assets and that would be there. So in the asset we have the logo, we have the payment, we have the small logo also for the photo SVG and others. So either you can grab it or we're going to just try to fetch topmost from our serverside configuration. So first of all as you can see especially here the header is fully the entire header is fully in server side but the problem is there whenever you're going to click on that that should be the client side because the client interactivity is there. If I put in euro as you can see that's changing everywhere. So whenever you going to

[08:56:00]
happen to be providing a click and happen to be the interactivity there that must be as a client side interactivity. So we're going to load the server especially in our server uh header especially in our server side. Then we're going to create the separate use client flag component wherever we're going to using the client side interactivity and trust me even uh I don't want to make a lot of things it going to be also working as a microservices but I'm not using the mon repo for using like the turbo repo or others later on we can focus but what I want to finish this entire segment later on we can update the entire build within that monor repo and then we can go with a tiny bit of microser This is how it going to work and handle all of the tiny actions in very very accurate. So we're going to do that later. So first of all in the header we're going to go and uh contradict the same way the way which I told you. So now as you can see here we have the header right but the header going to happen to be a two segment. So

[08:57:01]
I'm going to take everything as a header. Now header uh especially in the header we're going to also happen to be let's say the top part of the header should be uh top header.tsx TSX or MCE that's going to be the top header. So I'm going to just bring that top header right here. Top header. Uh okay header. So now as you can see we have the top header data here. And also in the header going to provide some of the class name. I'm going to provide a border of B. And that should be header should be the ST key and top should be zero and Z should be a 50. And also I'm going to make that BJ should be baby shop white background. So that's going to be entertaining in that way. As you can see, okay, that should not be the light setup. As you can see, it's going to be baby shop. No, it should be that baby shop white. So we're going to happen to be the uh border. And sometimes maybe I will take that CSS directly and inject right here because it's just a CSS. So you can just

[08:58:01]
type it and you are good to go on that. So first of all we're going to make that in the top banner should be happen to be a div then we will have to be a container. So as you can see the container hello. So okay hello. So now if you see the container getting a max suite you can see that. So that's the container going to do especially for that instances. So right now we also need to configure some of the setup so that it can really work on that. So especially in that uh segment we have the help center wish list all the tracking and then also we have the secure payment and that so we have the three part all together especially on that ratio. So we need to create that three segment all together. So first of all I'm going to just go and bring those some of the class name property by which it can be looks amazing. So that's going to be I'm going to provide that entire uh for that uh the top banner as you can

[08:59:01]
see is getting the full width also getting that baby shop purple and if you don't know from where those class names where the those styles is coming from this is coming the all the colors is already preconfigured right here in line as you can see if you want to add your own colors you can just replace it like if you want to change the purple colors if you don't want to do that you can just do whatever you want I want to make it a black hit block and you see the entire structure going to take as a black segment. So this is how you can go and work as a dynamic way and that's going to give you a lot of freedom to do something more and better. Now in the container we should be happen to uh three separate segment. One should be coming for let's say it going to be uh top help center. Um okay should be top help center and another should be coming for let's say or we can just put a p tag here which going to provide that 100%

[09:00:00]
and that going to make makes say a secure delivery without contracting the courier. So that's the second statement which is coming right here and here I'm going to just provide that uh first statement should be top of center okay should be coming like that. So this this the two value is coming side by side and after that we're going to also happen to be another segment where it's going to be let's say it going to be just for the currency right here. So this is the three segment right here. Now in the container we're going to provide a class name we're going to provide a grid and by default grid column should be one and MD grid call should be three. So this is the way it going to provide our responsiveness. As you can see right now we are doing the things our pertaining things all together but this one is not so nice because the last one we need to provide that little bit difficult way by default it going to be hidden. MB should

[09:01:00]
be in line of flex and also uh item should be center but I'm going to make the justify should be end uh I think I will make a little bit bigger yeah so if we save as you can see now it getting the actual proportion right so first of all uh it going to be providing us some of the data uh data structure by which we can make it much more better right of course we will do that for sure and before go further I want also I want to make sure also to have to another uh scenario like we should have some static data right so we need to go and keep that static data wherever we are looking forward to so what I'm going to do in the source directory right here I'm going to create another directory here which going to be a constant directory so constants and here we're going to create another file which going to have the data ts so this data ts going to like happen to be all the data right so

[09:02:02]
the data going to be happen that top help center we're going to happen to be that top help center help wish list going to passing that to wish list all the tracking going to get that user order so that's how it going to work and we're just checking the footer for three or so as you can see in the footer uh at the top right here we're using some of the images so those images going to be coming right here and uh if you are seeing some ads please don't get annoyed is just to get some revenue to work on that you know I I need to use that paid version for hosting and others because uh so many people are working on that and you need to view that so I need to keep the server running and also I need to keep myself running that's why I'm just running at or some if you're if it's annoying you more let me know in the comments maybe I will remove that for sure and again if you're still watching that one please to like the video and subscribe the channel because around 85% of you people are not subscribing If you subscribe it going to hit a lot on me and I'm going to do a

[09:03:02]
lot of other things by to make sure that you are learning a lot from this channel. So right now okay we are having happened to be that all of the segments. So right now we're going to go in our top segment here. So a special segment where we're going to define all of the properties. So in that div here uh we're going to just simply get our top health center dot we're going to just map with that we're going to just passing everything as an ID and we're going to just simply pass that as the link parameter and on that link we're going to just pass that let's say it should be passing that item dot title and the key should be item title you can also pass the key as the index if you are looking forward to h should be uh taking the href item href and also for I think that's going to be happen to be giving or providing three segment here should be coming a three data which is the help

[09:04:00]
center wish list order taking and other property okay it just loading I think my system getting a little bit slower okay it's happened to be there okay so now this going to be an status purposes on there so let's go make that one class name should be class name and we're going to make it a flex and then item should be center and gap should be five. So this going to be providing a gap segment and also in that uh href for for the link itself we're going to provide a class name uh whenever you're going to hover text should be let's say baby shop white right now. So baby shop uh not light directly white. So right now it's providing some of that glitch on there and we're going to also provide that hooer effect. Okay. So yeah as you can see and the hover effect going to contain if you just go directly in your globoscs you can see the hover effect going to contain a simple uh configuration here. So making that as a easy in our duration

[09:05:02]
300 uh milliseconds. So that's the one is providing a little bit a good effect over there. So right now if we click on that help center of course you're going to get a 404 help page because we doesn't have any pages right there. But we're going to bring that out all of the things. So this is the one segment here and for uh the another one which you going to be providing that for the pret we're just going to make that okay it's coming to application because in the meantime on that uh like in the small screen it should be only should be the help center going to be applicable others going to be hidden so the same thing going to happen there same thing going to be happen to be happen here okay so now we need to also work for the currency and other So first of all we're going to create uh two separate components here. One it should be uh select uh currency tsx or fce that should be the select currency which going to work on that and another are

[09:06:00]
going to be let's say top social uh it should be providing the links.tsx. So that two components going to provide the two certain kind of scenario. So in the top header here. So on that proportion we're going to grab the two should be select currency. So select currency and another should be top header. Uh okay should be top social links. Okay. So this uh three uh these two together. So one going to be injecting all the social links here. Another going to be providing that segment. So we're going to bring that. First of all, I'm going to go with that top uh select currency here. So in the select currency that's going to entertain a lot of because we're going to use the store here to store the properties right here. So that in that way we can happen to be the currency whatever currency is going to selected or not. So I'm going to bring the state

[09:07:00]
later on whenever we're going to happen to be get the state property. So right now I'm going to go and provide some of the data layer. should be select uh sele uh select should be coming from that UI select make sure you are not taking from red radius or you are not taking from the dep picker it should be taking from the UI select otherwise it going to providing the error and here uh we're going to go and do a lot of other things first of all it going to happen that to be that select trigger so that it going to be triggering how the way it want to trigger on that so in that select value select a value here. So over on the select value we're going to provide a certain kind of select value here. Let's say uh the placeholder should be I'm going to provide the placeholder of uh it going to be as let's say USD. So by default it going to initiate that use as for the USD value. You can see the USD value right here. But there should be an

[09:08:00]
uh parameter by which uh like like say I'm going to just bring that and going to comment that so that you're going to understand what actually we are going to looking forward to. As you can see, we're going to have that select currency. We have the currencies and we also going to have that set currency. And why we need that? Because every time we're going to click on that, as you can see, we're going to view all of the currency setup. Right? So, this is how we're going to build the entire structure to go and overflow. But right now, as we are happen to be uh starting the point, I'm not going to just pouring that lot of things right here. But we're going to go slowly slowly there. Right now, we can also bring the dummy currency. Okay. So that uh okay uh that should be let's say con currencies. So now you can understand what actually will happen to be there. So this is the dummy currency later on we're going to bring that setup. So this this should not be coming from here that should be coming directly from our like state mutation whenever we're going to mutate our state that time it going to be uh

[09:09:01]
contradicting uh for or by so far uh in especially in that segment. So okay what's wrong here? So currencies not like that should be equal. Okay. Uh and as you can see we need to default with the comma and lot of blah blah blah. So I'm going to adjust apart from that. So this is the segment going to be how the currency going to look like on you going to just start like setting our store. I'm going to bring back and that you're going to let's see how it going to understand it all going to segment. So I'm going to just provide that setup right now. So in the uh select triger here. So that's the tiger which going to combine over here. So this is uh just going to be passing a border of none. BJ transparent focus ring should be zero focus outline none shadow none flex item center justified between pack px2 py1 and blah blah blah lots of other things. Now after that a select trigger so as we are triggering the select we should be happen to be that select contained so select contained and in the select

[09:10:00]
contained we should be happen to be let's say select group right so on that select group it going to hidden on that as a select item so now here we need to map through the property but as we are just putting that let's say I'm going to just provide a dummy okay just keeping that as dummy property as you can is just getting a dummy but instead of dummy I'm going to just provide that USD so that you can have that value of the USD so that it can go and for the other property and also it going to be happen to be that select label and on that label it going to make that currencies and for the item uh it going to be providing the key and other I'm going to just keep that right now this much okay so now you just understand we happen to be give be back or providing back all of the currencies and other pattern. I'm going to keep it like that. And now we're going to focus on to bring back our social links parameter. So as

[09:11:00]
you can see in the links, it going to be providing just the data layer. Now for the link itself, it's going to be coming as an array. I'm going to just bring back the icon from the lucid react which going to be a four sort of icon going to be a Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and LinkedIn I think. So okay. Okay. So now this is the four icon which going to coming back directly there and after that we're going to simply make that let's say uh social links do map and everything going to be passing as an item and from there providing the same as the not like that should be okay same as the link going to be coming from the next link and then it going to be passing that item dot icon and let's provide the key should be item title as the both title is the difference a different there and href should be item dot href and also for the class name hubar should be let's say the text

[09:12:00]
should be uh baby shop wide and we're going to provide that hubar effect just to happen to be provide some kind of calculation there now for the div itself put a class name should be a flex item should be a center and provide a gap of three that's it so now we are happen to be uh as the top layer of that okay so I think This is okay. This is cool. But this is not so cool. Especially for uh that uh H P tag here. I think something is wrong. Uh let's say put uh BG of red. I want to see why is not in the middle. Uh okay. So we can simply make that in line flex and item center justify center you know to just keep everything in the center. Okay. I I think in in in our life see the same issue is there but we fix whenever we are building you know that's that's how we do things whenever we are facing a problem we resolve it at the same time and that's how we keep

[09:13:00]
learning on that. So now we have the top header right of course there is some part which we need to come back later on after finishing all the segments but now we have that top header. So after the top header we need to now initialize the other proportion of the header which going to be combining our header ratio. So let's go directly here. We're going to take another container here. So container and in the container we are going to happen another div. And of course there should be coming as a sidebar. So I'm going to just provide a should be the sidebar which going to be come back later on. But right now we need to provide the logo. Okay. So I'm going to go and create another common directory a common uh product here. So logo tsxm. So that would be our logo where we're going to show our logo and the sidebar going to uh bring back our responsiveness especially if we go over here as you can see especially on the sidebar if we go little bit you can see

[09:14:00]
the sidebar bringing all of the things together. So that's the sidebar going to work and make things uh to be sure that everything working perfectly. And I'm going to just go with the max width ratio so that we're going to see what's actually building. So now for that logo here it's going to be a little bit a pretty simple structure. Okay. So how it going to be a simple structure instead of deep it going to be a link here. So every time we're going to click on that link like click on that logo here it going to bring back to directly on our home. So okay that's a mitch match should be link. Okay. So here I'm going to simply grab my image from next image and here we're going to provide the source should be coming as the logo we need to bring back from our assets. So the logo is there and also the alternative tag we're going to provide a name as the logo and for the class name and of course whenever we're going to provide the logo either it it can take a class name as the props. So should be a class name either it can take or it can

[09:15:01]
it can also work without happen to be the class name. So let's say it going to be a class name if it's there okay if it's not there it's also be okay. So if there should be an string so the class name going to provide a CN and here it going to provide a width should be 32 and LG width should be 44. So that's going to be with ratio and whenever the class name is there it going to picture the class name. So now we should be able to get our data here. As you can see our logo is right there. Now if we go directly in our help center uh I think if we click it going to automatically redirect back to our home structure. Okay cool. So right now as we are happen to be get our logo. Now we need to make these things a little bit better align. Right now you can see everything going to stick all together like no shuffling not happen a bit of room to breathe. So we need to provide that data ratio. Let's go in the container here. We need

[09:16:00]
to make something better align over here. Put a class name. Everything going to be flex item should be center. Justify should be between because we're going to have a three segment right there. And we're going to provide a gap of 10. And also the padding y should be four. like the horizontal padding should be four should be 16 pixel by itself. Now you can see that's a very good breed of room to be get aligned by. So now this is the one segment. So this is the div here which going to be contradicting uh like all of the segments. So in that div because uh uh there there is uh like if we see an alignment okay there is some uh sort of uh structure which you need to follow. I'm going to just break by I'm going to break it to you. I would love to go with the responsib. So this is the div going to containing the sidebar and others. So it going to be class name flex should be flex one to grab all the available space item center

[09:17:00]
and also the justify between it will take and MD should be justify start. So it going to go on that ratio. Where is the start? Okay, justify center. Uh justify start. Okay justify start. Okay. And after that MD gap should be 12. So going to providing a ease of gap. So after the logo it also going to be taking a dip where it going to taking for let's say it going to grab a three setup like three portion of the things. It will not take right now but we're going to bring back. So it going to be for the order icon, wish list icon, card icon and of course it not be there like MD screen. it should be hidden. Okay. So it will only available uh flex item center and also gap of three but it will be hidden in the empty like like the LG empty screen. So it going to be similar on that you can see. So if I logged in there should be the other icon here. So that this is how it

[09:18:00]
going to be uh compatible with that but we're going to ignore it right now because it going to only hit after the empty screen. So now we also need to be getting another portion here. One of the important one which going to be let's say uh it should be search input.tsx. So this is going to containing our search injectory like how the search going to work. So let's say it should be search input. Okay. So the search input button as you can see. So that's the button it would be there to bringing all the search input volume. And after that we should be happen to be another dip here. And here we going to happen to be let's say it should be the orders icon the similar setup and after that it going to also happen to be let's say wishlist icon and also it going to have user button and also let's say user button icon so this is the segment it going to be coming you can see it's just taking a line in proper way so first of all to go with that you know by default it will be

[09:19:00]
hidden and MD should be in line flex and also going to item should be center and gap should be uh let's say five. Okay. So now uh instead of providing that like we can know what actually going to happen to be there. So we can just simply bring back together and from there user button should be removed. So now if we just come back if we go smaller screen you can see how things going to look like. Of course search button going to be hidden but it we're going to bring back together. So now first we're going to work with the search input property. Okay, this is one of the most important segment especially in our build setup like whenever we're going to click you can see how those going to changes and if even we search how searching going on and it's fetching all of the latest data but first we're going to make the design then we're going to go and see how the things can be run and how the things can go on that so first of all we're going to make that a class name I'm going to make it as a relative and also LG which should be full okay so that it can work in that

[09:20:02]
way. Uh okay, we should be happen to be get the from and others. For right now, we will not go in that uh adjustable manner. But uh okay. So yeah, we're going to go with a from property. So a from and the action should be none right now. So we're not going to keep any action in the form. We're going to happen to be an input here. So in that input we going to happen to be the placeholder going to be search or products. So P R O C okay search products. So now you can see that one is right now here. So on the search products button uh like that input property we also going to be happen to be uh providing some of the class name. So I'm going to just uh bring it right here. So in the class name it going to be flex one rounded MD padding Wi-Fi focus and other properties. So this is whenever you're going to click you see how it's going to

[09:21:01]
focusing on that. So that's what we are bringing back. You can see when you focus we are going to be a visible border baby shop red. So this is what actually is going to do in the perspective. And also we need to bring a certain kind of notation here. I'm going to bring all of those state right now. So as you can see it going to using the user state property also it going to right now I'm going to just u I'm going to just uh make it like that. Okay so we're going to just do it whatever we are requiring and also yeah so we're going to only just use that set search and search value even whenever you're going to using state right now you can see the header is still not in use client flag it's still in the server side. So what I'm going to do as the interactivity going to happen in that uh search input. I'm going to only make that component as a use client flag and my error going to be disappear. Okay. So now we are happen to be there and also we're going to just make things in a

[09:22:01]
very nice and clean property. So the value should be let's say it going to be passing as the search value and also uh whenever we're going to own change like we're going to writing something on that we're going to take everything as an event property and we're going to make that set search property e dot target dot value. So whatever we are typing uh value so whatever you're going to typing we are setting that in particular on that ratio and also whenever we are focusing on that we also going to make that uh it should be coming as that let's say set a show result uh we're going to just bring that later on because right now we're not using the focus property and others so we're going to show it later on so right now we can also make that one so as you can see we have the search property I'm going to just make a console log here. So let's see the value search and here we're going to see the search value. So if we just inspect the data

[09:23:00]
here and if we go in our console so I'm going to just remove everything. If I type you can see we can catch the value. So that's the magic things going to happen by setting that a.target dot value. So now I'm going to also do some kind of notation here which going to make that one is a very very good and handy. So whenever we going to happen that to be that we are happen to be getting the search value then we're going to have to be an icon which going to be an X icon and if the no search value is there we're going to happen to be a search icon. Okay. So right now you can see the search uh search icon is right there. But instead of keeping that one in like that I need to provide that within an absolute value here. So that should be something like that an absolute right tree top three and width five height five text should be uh shop text. So right now you can see it should be underlying here. So that's the same thing is getting to be there. But whenever we are happen to be there you

[09:24:01]
can see that's the one is coming and also I'm going to just provide that uh property in that very good uh ratio. So it should be similar with five height five and whenever we going to hitting on that we need to do something like whenever we're going to on click on that image uh on that icon we just going to make a simple function set search should be as an empty string. So the value should be disappear as you can see on remove. Okay on remove that's the one that's the search gun working in that decent way and of course if you don't make it relative you know that going to that is you're going to find it at the top so you need to make sure that your parent div is just relative and also we need to provide some of the connotation here and by also we're going to make it as relative by default it going to be hidden only lg going to be it will be flex item should be center just to keep everything nice tidy and clean so that

[09:25:00]
we can understand a bit of better uh segment and we can do a lot of things. So this is for right now we're going to keep it in that way. So later on on going to pouring the productivity and others we're going to bring back all of the segment. So now we need to provide that icon right. So now why we need to provide that certain things in a separate way is because those orders icon, wish list icon, user button, card icon all should have the client side interactivating, right? So if we just go here, we need to create a separate function. Let's say it should be order uh orders icon.tsx or MCE. So that's going to be the orders icon. Then we're going to happen to be another icon which going to be wish list icon.tsx RFCE. So I'm going to keep the wish list icon and then it going to be coming of our let's say user button.tsx Fce. So that going to provide our user button. So one more it's going to be

[09:26:01]
coming for that our card icon. So let's say card icon.tsx. Okay. So right now we can now instead of uh making those things right like that we can bring back our orders icon and also we're going to bring that our wish list icon and also we're going to provide our user button and then we can bring back our card icon. That's it. So our four button statement is right there. For right now I'm going to just go in a very very simple and logical manner by which we can know that what's actually happening. Right? So now this one of course why we need to happen to be in client set because we're going to show the count later on. But right now we're not going to show the count we're going to just simply make a package. Let's say it going to be a package icon. And in the package icon going to be providing a size of let's say 24. And of course whenever the href going to be

[09:27:01]
let's say for/ user for slash orders. So that's where it going to take back. So right now this going to be happen to be there. And of course we also need to be providing a span tag here. So this the same statement and the same segment it going to be there for all. And right now I'm going to keep it as zero. Put a class name. I'm going to provide some of the distillate manner which by which it going to provide an statement on gospecially for that special notation for as you can see going to be an absolute right to top to b should be the baby shop sky text baby shop white and the text should be 11 pixel phone medium width for height for rounded full and to keep it in center flex item center justify center if I there you see it's nowhere is at the top it's because I need to make sure that this one to be in the relative and also the hubar text should be let's say uh baby shop sky and also I'm going to provide that hubar effect okay so right now you can see

[09:28:04]
that's the one so now this is one of the graduation here so I'm going to just bring back I'm going to copy that statement and now I'm going to go directly in my wish list property here and in the wish list the same thing going to happen so uh I'm going to just provide like that and this link need to be coming from the next link here it should be uh wish list and instead of the package it going to be coming as an heart uh or the heart. Okay. So now you can see that should be the heart icon and another going to be uh bringing back our user button here and the user button going to be coming up a lot of uh classification by which uh we want it to show especially if you see right now it's happen to be that welcome sign in register so I'm going to bring back after the cart icon because that user going to be interactivated a lot more

[09:29:00]
over there so that should be here and for that instance for the cart icon going to be providing a shopping bag. Sure should be shopping bag. So I think it would be a very very good segment here especially right now you can see we have that much user button now be that that is okay to be see the design because right now this going to be other this will not be there because after logged in there should be a certain kind of different statement. So right now it's okay I'm going to keep it in that way. So right now we need to go and provide that user property here. So I'm going to again so for the user button here also it going to be combining a link here as we're going to drop it all together. So the link and uh in the link it would be uh providing that an span tag uh and I need to provide that of that let's say

[09:30:02]
instead of this one in the span tag instead of span tag I'm going to provide a user icon here and for that href let's say it going to provide the href for slash uh out for slash sign in. So that's where it going to head back to us. So you can see right now the out segment is right here and the size should be for that I'm going to provide a 30 and after that the user statement we're going to have another span tag here and then a p tag which going to be instead of p tag I can take another span welcome and then another span tag which going to be let's say sign in for slash register. So that's going to be combining that statement. Now for this one uh for put the class name flex item should be center and I'm going to provide a gap of two. I'm going to provide a group and whenever a hover text should be baby shop is sky and we're going to provide that hover

[09:31:00]
effect. Okay. So this going to be combining like that. Now to make it better let's go in this pan tech property put a class name. Oh, right now I'm not going to put any of the class name here. Um, we happen to be okay. Uh, that should be I should provide on that particular statement. So, flex flex column. Okay. Yeah, that should be coming on that. So now we know that how it going to be uh measuring on that or you can just simply instead of providing that you can just simply uh also use the P tech even span it will not uh but it going to provide some sort of uh this delution later on. So text should be extra small font should be medium. So

[09:32:00]
like that. So we have the welcome and for this one put a class name our font should be a semi bold semi bold and text should be as yeah so now we have that if we click it will directly take back there so same thing is happen to be there so I think we are pretty closer on that we happen to be in a very good structural ratio so right now uh as we did that so we have the client application we have our header so now we to provide specified our states and also specified how the way we going to bring back the login authentication and other property so that we can understand the segment in a better way. So we're going to set up the state right two more important thing because we need to go and start uh login right. So in that way it can be make a lot a lot of sense otherwise uh we can we cannot go directly in that initial layer. So you're going to first or instead of doing so we can also bring

[09:33:00]
back uh like uh to our productivity just to see uh if if the property is coming or not because we can just go and bring back our category segment here. As you can see the category, the banner, the product we can do in a both way. I think I'm going to go directly on that fetching the product so that it it can happen to be something in our table to start with. Later on we're going to bring back our authentication setup and others. Let's start building that. So first we're going to build the category section as a section is the left. So that's what it going to. So uh we're going to go in our components. We're going to take another directory here which going to be taking all of the home statement here. So that going to be a cate categories section.tsx c. So all the category property it going to underlying here. I'm going to just remove other things should be category section. So now as you can see we have our category section. So now we need to

[09:34:01]
do a certain kind of scenario by which can make things in a good ratio. So everything whatever the structure it's going to be right here it going to be within the container. Okay. So within the container and here we're going to just put some of the class name min height should be screen and also a flex padding y should be seven and also provide a gap of three if there is a gapping portion. So as we making the flex so the same is structurable data. So that's the two set of uh certain kind of things going to be a file. So this is the one thing and then it going to go and directly going to have another div and then it going to coming other so like uh it going to bring the banner. So as you can see put a class name going to be a flex one uh one and bj should be red 100. So that you can see other things getting the entire part. Instead of five 100 I'm going to just make a 50 just to happen to be there. Now we need to go in our category section here. It

[09:35:01]
going to so magic things going to be coming all together and we're going to putting uh we're going to put everything as much as possible to align on that. And first of all to go and make things looks cool and better in the div we're going to make that one as a should be coming forward. And in in the meantime by default it going to be hidden. Inline should be uh MD screen should be inline flex flex column pages should be the baby shop white and height full padding five border rounded MD. So this is going to be kind of what we are talking about. And as you can see the banner and other statement going to be there. The small screen is not there. So now we need to make some call to bring back the banner to let the things going to work all together. We need to fetch the data which still as you can see we are not going to do in a client side directory. We're going to fetch the data in server so that whenever our application going to load our data is right there. Okay. So first we need to understand how we

[09:36:01]
going to make the call right then we need to go a certain kind of scenario how we can fetch and do the other setup. So to understand that one first we need to grab our let's say we're going to grab some of the types. Okay, we're going to use a lot of types especially within our application. So I'm going to go in our source. Uh I think uh it should be uh good uh in our you can either keep it in the source or I think source would be do a lot of purpose. Uh no there is the type okay global types is there. So I think also we can take another one should be let's say type.ts. Okay. So that will strict to bring all of our type all of the product type and others. So as you can see in the meantime on the type we have the category type providing that ID property and like the is in the category ID string name image and the category type should be string and the brand should be ID name because this is going to coming from the MongoDB. So it's underscore ID

[09:37:00]
and the product should be happen to be all the product ratio. You can just see whatever the scenario you're going to have there. Then you have the address, address, input and others. This is the one segment, right? And then we need to go another segment. We need to go and create a configuration how we going to call. So first of all, I'm going to go in our leave here. Then over here I'm going to make a function called config.ts. One it will be config.ts. Another it going to be let's say uh API.ts. So these two things going to be combining to uh get the call in our database and then we're going to get or fetch the data uh initially from there. So first of all uh there should be an interface right here which going to be coming as an API config. We're going to provide the base URL either the URL can be the string or is production either it can be a boolean property and others. So right now uh we also need to go and provide I'm going to just bring back it's just you need to understand how those things work and it fine it it will go in a very very systematic way and

[09:38:00]
then it going to happen to be there is uh the get API config which going to be taking the types as API config at the top. Now is client a type of is window is not equal to undefined that should be an is client property and so me uh so means uh there if there is a window property it's going to be an is client fact we're going to first get the base URL string and if is client is there our base URL URL should be the next public API URL or it going to be the local host 4 8,000 API so means we are just redirecting our server and if it's node is client like the server our site we're going to provide that API endpoint otherwise you're going to get directly in that https localhost 80004/ API itself so as soon what you need to do this uh env setup right for our uh in environment credential is right now not available so what we can do right now especially here at the root of our client I'm going to uh okay there is the

[09:39:02]
okay so is okay it's right here so we have the AP endpoint we have the API URL so this is going to be focusing especially on there. So that's what we are talking about. So this is going to be meant to be in that way and also if it's production here the process ENB it going to be as production and also the ENB going to be as production. So in that segment what we are actually getting we're getting two setup one is going to be we're getting that base URL and is production. So whenever we're going to call that particular get API config we're going to grab the two val one it going to be for that base URL another it going to be coming as is a production and after that also we need to go and bring back another certain of which going to be because we're going to bringing everything all together in a certain kind of motion as you can see we're going to have that f with a config property and by default it going to happen to be get that endpoint which going to be an string and then options going to be request in it which going to resolve a promise. The base URL going to

[09:40:01]
be coming from that get API config. So that going to handle whatever the API configuration is base URL going to be there. If the con URL going to be base URL and then endpoint is start with for slash and then the endpoint otherwise for/ endpoint. So we are going to be extracting whatever the endpoint we are passing that. Then the default option is going to be headers. Now we are setting the headers from here. We are also providing the revalidation as the 100. either you can go to the zero and to make that up next. Then the mar options is going to providing the default options whatever is there. Then we are spreading the options the headers going to be passing that the default options headers and options do header. So this is going to be passing that merge options and after that now is the time to go and bring the response. So if there is an error you see the fail to fetch and providing the endpoint from which endpoint we're failing to fetch and we are providing the error throwing the error there and if there is a response await fetch so we're using the build in fetch method we're providing we're passing whatever the URL we are

[09:41:01]
constructing from there so this is the URL it going to do and then we're passing that merge option so that going to be headers and other subsidiary whatever the default value property we want to pass and if response is not okay we are providing in the error if the response is okay we're providing the data which going to be response dot JSON we are extracting all the data because we are getting the data as note as JSON where then like we are like uh making constructing back to our JSON from the stringify value we're getting the data as JSON we're returning the data after that so this is the one certain kind of a scenario and after that this segment going to be happen to be some some sort of more because this only happen to be get the data layer because this uh after that uh property we also going to happen to be that for the alt headers we're getting the token and after that we are validating the token you know we're providing the headers and also we are providing the built query string by which we're going to fetch all of the

[09:42:01]
query data and providing the query string params and others also the API endpoints you see the login o login register o register refresh refresh products for/ products so this all property it just here we are passing directly from there and as you can see from the API endpoints we can just access all of those right so now we need to work on that API first of all we need to import all of the method whatever we are getting it should be from for/config and for from there what we're going to grab is that we're going to make that fetch with config so every single thing especially if we just make that fetch with config so this is the one which you're going to use which we're going return the data right so here we're going to calling that one the API endpoint which we're going to use and after that we need to let's say export const it should be fetch data and that fetch data should be coming as fetch config so whatever this the same scenario which you are now using the

[09:43:00]
fetch data it going to be more meaningful and now we also need to export certain kind of commercial like export the new uh enhanced function and that function function going to be let's say uh if you fancy should be function it going to be providing the export and that data from it going to be for/config and from there we're going to make a certain kind of segment we're going to uh export everything so instead of config it going to fetch directly from our API right so you're going to have that fetch config get API config get out headers build query string API endpoints everything we can just clearly grab it from there so now I'm going to close everything from there. So this is the time where we can really work with that. So first of all we're going to just go and fetch the things right here. Okay. So first we're going to make that let's say list uh that categories categories

[09:44:00]
it should be is equal uh and that should be uh let's say is equal to should be an empty string and of course we need to provide the type type should be category and it should be an array of category that should be our categories right instead of const we're going to use the let value property okay by default getting the con and also the error should be an error and either It can be a string or it can be null and by default it can be null if we are facing any error. Okay. So now we're going to make that try cache property value here so that we can get everything. So try catch and in the catch property here we're going to provide that error if we are happen to be get grabbing any error. So I'm going to just make it an error. So if we're catching any error the instances error is there and the error message otherwise it's going to be passing that and no error occurred and we're going to just get that log as error and now con uh let's say con data is equal to a weight of course uh if we

[09:45:01]
make that await you see you need to make it as an asynchronous uh function right here the entire component should be an asynchronous function a weight should be fetch data from the lib API and over here Okay, over here we need to provide that for/categories. Categories and of course need to provide the type here which the type should be the categories response here but we're going to pass that later. So we're going to make that let's say the categories should be is equal to data dot categories. And now it is not getting that uh type. We need to provide the type. So uh we can just simply bring back the type here. Let's say interface uh interface that should be categories response and the response going to be let's say categories uh category should be it going to be passing that category as an array of category. So over here we can simply

[09:46:00]
pass that category response type and we need that first statement. We can remove the second one closing one. And here now if we type that you can see we are having only the categories. Okay. So right now what we can do we can log the categories right. So let's say categories. And if we go directly here as you can see uh okay there is some sort of misconfiguration going on. Uh okay I think yeah by default it's getting that con again. It should be late. Okay. Now if we directly go and inspect and console and I believe uh it's it's grabbing but uh fetching nothing. Okay for/categories 404 not found. So categories uh functionality is uh not mimicking there. So I'm going to open my terminal here. I want to see the server. So over here I'm going to go with that local host 8,000.

[09:47:00]
Uh okay. Uh oops. Uh not here should be 8,000. for/ API for slash categories. Okay, our category is right there. So means we are missing something. So if we go directly in our network. So let's just call again and that time we can see uh okay orig it will not fetch here as we are calling in the server side it should be fetching here. Okay, the response is not okay because the inpoint uh okay cat okay we we misspel okay G O R I okay we're just making the misspel there categories that's it so if we hit the categories uh okay categories so that's the one right so let's go here and Try one more time

[09:48:03]
saying uh not found. So means our route is not found in here. So if we go in our server, okay, database is connected. Everything is good to go. So why is not finding our data structure that need to be underline it? Uh basically can be uh it's not finding the API. Uh okay. Uh okay. Okay. And here we didn't attach the API. Okay. Right. No. Okay, we we're good. We are happen to be get everything. Okay, now we are having all of our categories. So, if you go in our category segment, we know that we are having the categories. We can now simply map through the categories to to the design and make the other things in a pretty good and default fashion. And of course we can also make the filter property all the data property like the way we are looking forward to like that feature categories which can filter through that featured hot categories which can make through the hot categories. So we can combine it the data all together. So

[09:49:01]
right now we're going to just do some of the things here. So instead of that we're going to having a pag which going to providing that uh the feature not like that should be featured. Okay. So that's going to inline the feature data going to be providing a class name for should be semi bold and text should be LG margin bottom should be three and after that we're going to happen to be a D. Now we're going to map to the feature categories dot uh if the length is bigger than zero. Uh okay of bigger than zero then we're going to do something like we're going to map through it feature categories dot map uh like that and every single thing should be as an item. That's it. And after that if uh there is nothing available here. Okay. Why we need that feature categories map? Okay, because we need to

[09:50:00]
provide that no feature categories available. Okay, I think that's that's that could be cool. So yeah, that could be cool. So here it going to be like that. Okay, we're going to pass in that. So here everything going to be as an item. So the item going to be okay. Uh oops oops oops. uh it going to be we need to provide some data here otherwise it going to be starting to make things forced. So here if the map uh in that map we're going to happen to pass the link property. So in that link we need to provide uh some of the data. Let's say I'm going to bring back the image from the next image here. And in the image the source should be item dot image. And of course we need to provide the link. We need to provide the key should be item. ID and also the href going to contain over there. I'm going to go directly on that. Let's say the path name going to be a for/ uh it going to be okay for slash shop

[09:51:04]
and then the query the query should be passing as the category category as should be coming item id. So that is going to be where it is. So that's the one and the alter should be category image and of course we're going to provide the width as the server image is coming width of 50 height of 50 that's it. So now we should be happen to be see the feature um uh section is right here I'm going to just remove that you see the feature data so that's what actually is happen to be there. So now after the feature uh we're going to also happen to be a P tag which going to be item dot not like that should be coming as item dot name. Okay. So now we have the two value together and now we need to work a bit on that to make it nicer. Class name should be flex item should be center gap should be let's say the two of the gap we're going to provide all together. And hover text should be let's say baby shop

[09:52:02]
sky. Baby shop sky and then hooer BJ should be baby shop sky again but have happened to be 10% opacity padding should be three rounded should be empty uh empty over effect going to be there so right now okay you see that's was actually the way it's going to be and that is where okay there something need to be changed uh some data layer is not uh writes on that because we're going to provide a class And with we're going to provide a seven for that's it and that going to fix all of the data and also for the P tech uh we can keep the P tech as it is right now or you can make it a small P tag if you are looking forward to right now I think this is really looking amazing and it's going to working perfectly fine. So right now what I'm going to do I'm going to bring back all other setup all other scenario and especially this like the data whatever data is going to be coming

[09:53:00]
through it so that okay I'm going to bring back so after so this is the one kind of deep is going to be here so below that we're going to pouring all of our properties so what actually is there we are having that hot categories we are happen to be the quick links where all the quick links is available custom customer support, special offers, shop by age. So this is the dummy parameter. But as you can see the hot categories the same the hot categories are the same. How we put that we are mapping through the hot categories because we are funneling through after fetching the data getting the data from the server there is still no client side interactivity is there all in the server side action is going on. to the hot categories. So the hot categories that is there then we're having the uh for especially for the hot categories then we're having the quick links we're going to provide in the quick links that all products new arrivals under 50 my orders that's just a dummy links you can do it as you want if you're looking forward to

[09:54:00]
we're having the customer support all are redirecting to uh particular link as soon as others special offers like so so you can add as much categories as you are looking forward to that's up to you how you want to see it together or how you are looking forward to make things better and uh make the divor in the way you are looking forward to and also I think need to provide a class name amb should be six so the margin bottom is need to be providing on there okay now we go okay so we grab the things now it's time to bring back our banner and also to bring back our product now our banner is consisting two separate section one is that one which is also a banner and the other one typically another banner and once we click on that it will redirect directly to back to our shop now page. So these two banner going to coming from our API. So we can change anytime we want and we can do and uh like make certain kind of

[09:55:01]
things. First of all in our homepage where we are handling those banner statement. Now instead of putting directly that I'm going to go in my home component and remember we make sure you are maintaining that uh directory setup otherwise that can cause some of the issue. So right now if we go directly from the banner.tsx I'm going to just create that. So that would be our typical banner segment. I'm going to remove that uh extra bj color from there. And instead of that instances let's just bring our entire banner segment. So right now you can see that banner. This is the banner which we're going to look forward and make things done with that. So first thing first we need to get that banner data right to grab it. how we can go and do those things. First of all, I'm going to make that entire statement as an asynchronous function because our entire banner, it will be a server side. And again, I'm saying that

[09:56:00]
to you that once we are building this thing, we're going to maintain the diagram. So whenever we are really we can use the server side, we're going to keep that as a server side. We will use only the client side when it's absolute absolutely necessary. Okay. Apart from that we are not going to make that. Okay. Uh did we bring that? Okay. Our small menu and other button. Okay. That's all going to coming up. So first the banner uh that could be need to provide that data layer and how we can do that. We need to just put that banners and the banners it going to be coming as a type of banners and that could be coming like that and it should be right now is equal to as an empty for the first instance. So now as you can see here in our types we have the type section. But if you just search the type you can see we have the type also in admin. If you just come over here you can see we have the banner type here. Okay. So that's the same banner type the similar composition which we are going to use. So I'm going to copy that from it. And here I'm going to write it

[09:57:01]
again. So instead of banner type we're going to just write that as banners. So let's export banners which having the ID, name, title, start from image, banner type and the created ad is not required. We're going to also bring it right here. So I'm going to just import that banners from our types. So we are having the banner right now. We're going to create the function. So what I'm going to do as is in a server side we're going to make that try catch parameter directly within this parameter and we're going to make that if we have that error which going to be console dot error and we're going to just log the error which just we're going to see the entire error statement and after that we also I'm going to open the terminal because the data going to load in our server terminal and right now here we're going to bring back the data so con data should be await and we're going to call our fetch data data page data which going to be coming from lib API we already extracted that you know how to do it so even you doesn't know there is

[09:58:01]
the repo the code is available there so you know how to fetch it how to grab it and then use it and even still if you're facing any problem let me know in the comments so right now we're going to just deal with the banners and here uh we're going to just pass the array of banner and I'm going to taking the first statement only and from there we're going to go directly the for/ banners. So that would be the route to handle and we're going to assign that banners which going to be as the data. Okay. So that would be our data or okay what's wrong with that? So that could be the data. So this as you can see we're having the banner and then we can uh rectify or pass the banner right there and we can't reassign because we use const. We're going to use let. So this time we can reassign the banner. So as you can see same banners can reassign over here. So you can do there is a lot of things lot of way. So I was just

[09:59:01]
exploring some of the ways so we can do make that those things to work. Now there is other thing other proposition you can use that too. So now if you just look for the banners and at the bottom okay I just move to the top we have ID name title start from image banner type created at updated ad. So all the data is right here and if you want to keep in the type you can keep in the type updated also like as you can see here you can also make that as a string and that will also working for you. If you need the data you can use it but there is not require those data. Now what I'm going to do I'm going to make that image one. Now again I'm keeping it as simple as possible without making any mamojamo just a simple procedure. That's it. Now of course there is a lot of advanced project is coming in the way. So especially if you people are following that project which we have that shop card uh I think most of the people that was the one of the most utilized project

[10:00:02]
which ever built. There is a view one like version one is coming uh maybe it will drop after this after the very next of this video and there we did a lot of things it going to be a very very heck of a video and of course you're going to get the code for sure. So now the image one it will be the banners and from the banners I'm going to take the first one and should be image two it would be banners and there it going to get the image. So this is how we are going to provide the name. Now if we doesn't have the banners right banners dotlength is equal to let's say zero then we're going to just return null. Okay. So now as you can see we have null. But if we just go over here if it's bigger than zero then you can see no banner is showing. So that's what it going to do. If we doesn't have any banner this this like we doesn't have the banner. So this will not be shown over there. it automatically the product going to be at the top. So this this is what we are

[10:01:01]
actually regenerating right here. So what we can do we need to create the entire statement over here. First of all uh we're going to go over here if there is no banner it going to provide that empty statement and then if there is the banner we're going to return something and that return statement going to provide another let's say div and on the div we're going to provide a two separate div. So should be 2D. One should be banner one and another should be banner two. So this is the two banner which going to be putting over there. Now for this pattern over here I'm going to just go some of the predefined class name here which uh okay which going to be a grid grid columns by default one. So if you just make responsive method over here as you can see is side by side. So getting a very very standard portion with responsiveness and um for amb get columns of four. So we're going

[10:02:02]
to portioning dividing as you can see it going to one by three is going to get only one column. So this is how we are dividing those statement. Now over here so this is the one which going to combine those of the maximize portion here. And in that portion we're going to provide that MD as the call span tree. We're going to provide this as relative group over our flow should be hidden and rounded empty. Okay. So you got the idea that as you can see it separated those two statement and also if you go in the responsiveness you can see is side by side. So that's what we are actually being to get bring to gain from there. So we did it. Now over here we directly going to import the image. Okay. So it would be our image. We're going to import it from the next image. And over here the source should be that would be image one. And if the image you want is available should be coming directly the images and the alternative tag should be let's say banner

[10:03:01]
image and then we're going to provide a width we're going to take that image from the server as 800 and also the height we're going to provide it by 500 and of course we're going to make that one as the priority so it's going to load at the same time and the class name we're going to make the width of full and we're going to provide a height of 72. So that would be the uh maximum height for the smaller screen. And whenever you're going to make that uh MD so it's MD then it going to provide that let's say uh min height we're going to provide a customized height which going to be 400 pixel. So this is the minimum height ratio going to be extracting and as you can see we doesn't have that host name like this this rest.cloudinary.com which is we need to configure in our next.config. uh ts file. So over here as you can see next.config.ts we need to come over here and now we need to define that some of the petron which can really

[10:04:02]
helpful to combine of that setup. So first of all we're going to do several things. First of uh we're going to make that images tag. So the images and over here in the images we're going to make that unoptimize. We don't want to optimize right now. Just an test build. Now if you go in the production you can do that. I don't want to cost my server a lot of headaches. So I'm going to keep it but I'm going to keep it not now once we going to deploy that time I'm going to keep that one like that way and for the remote patterns which going to access those uh parameter of that uh server like from where I can the domain parameter and here we're going to provide that protocol which going to be coming as an https so that's the protocol which we're going to maintain and after that we also going to provide the host name and the host name which going to be the host name of the cloudinary so this is need to be provided over here otherwise your system going to be providing a lot of trouble. It not it will not render till you provide that details to uh for uh the

[10:05:01]
next chest like from which server and now also you can make uh so many ports selection and other parameter which can really handy to get the exact point of the data structure. Okay, what is saying again uh host name? Okay, did we did we just missed anything? So we provide the images and then we make that remote patrons and in the patrons we pass the protocol we pass the host name. Okay there is one missing the R it was not copied properly. So rest.cloudinary.com as we hosted our images in the cloudinary. Of course we can also directly go in the Amazon setup like the S3 buckets. If you are looking forward to let me know in the comment section. So now we can see our banner is available. Now we can just go and render some other design to make it looks nicer and clean. So to make that as we have that uh uh setup over here. So now we

[10:06:00]
can provide the other design which okay the height should be like that otherwise it will not grab it. Okay. And then we're going to make that object should be let's say it should be a copper pattern. And okay. Okay, should be hover and also whenever we're going to make that group and whenever hover that scale should be 110 and we're going to provide that hover effect setup to make little bit splashing parameter. You can see that looks nice. So make it bigger. Okay, that's similar of that pattern which we are having that. Okay, cool. Now after that we should be having another button here which can go and do lot of other things and do these things in a proper way. So after that image we're going to take a deep on the deep we're going to take a p tag over here it going to be take that image one. So image one dot let's say it going to

[10:07:00]
bring back the name parameter as you can see the best details today and also it going to take the h2 tag which going to be providing image one and that should be the title. So it we we're going to get every single thing and all the one and then we're going to have a link button here which going to pass that shop now or we can just keep it smaller shop now and that shop now button should be providing them h which going to be just landing us directly to the shop. So now as you can see these three things should not be here as you can see over here we made it relative. So we're going to provide an absolute positioning here absolute and then from the top it would be zero from the left it would be also a zero and we're going to provide a full of width and height we're going to provide fully going to make it a flex and flex column we're going to provide a gap of three and the item should be let's say it going to be in the center justify should be center and over and over the text should be

[10:08:01]
let's uh okay not be together text should be baby shop uh why is not coming. Baby shop white text. Okay, done. So now if you save that, we should be able to see it's going to the middle. But you see it's the design is not fully completed. But we know it's placement is okay. So now we're going to do one by one. We're going to make things done in a pretty decent way. So first of all for the pin tag here for that one, we're going to just provide that font as bold to make little bit a bolder ratio and text should be small. So that's the one I think that's the one make the similar sense over here. And after that for the other one for especially for the title which we want to make it focused. So we're going to provide a class name over here which going to be text for Excel fonts medium and max weight going to take the 96. So that we're going to break and just coming back together text center and we're going to make it as capitalized. So the bigger one should be coming. You

[10:09:01]
see the every letter is going to be capitalized up there. Now for the battle here we also need to provide that button in a very good symony here. The text should be the capitaliz BJ should be baby white rounded full and the background color is already taking from there. So no need to put that just keep it like that. And uh for the text uh and okay oh no so it's the background so you need to put that background the baby shop white rounded full font medium text should be the black one padding x six padding y two text base and on hub on the particular button we want the bg should be the baby shop sky 10 border border should be the transparent and hooer the border going to be the white color and hooer effect. So kind of little like that as you can see bit of effect over here. You can also make the text as white. So I think that could be whenever we going to hoover uh let's say hover uh text should be

[10:10:00]
uh let's say it should be coming for the baby white. Okay. Looks nice. Okay. Now that's up to you. You can do a lot of other parameter. So this is the one image right within the same segment within the same parameter the next image going to be coming uh the same motion as you can see the same uh string parameter here I think there is no gap so it going to be cushing all together now as you can see over here what's happening uh we are making the same statement same things and also the same parameter name you just need to duplicate it and then replace it that's it and of course we're going to make that once we hover text should be let's say uh baby shop white. Okay, done. So now if we hover it. Okay, so we have the banner. So this is a pretty simple way to generate the banner. So as you can see right now we are now putting back it's getting especially it's getting in the shape

[10:11:00]
right you can see this this is really good and cool way to promote those things in a very decent manner. If we click on that particular statement, as you can see, we doesn't have a shop page. But over here in our this scenario, if we put something which having the note found, we actually having a pretty decent note found page. So that's actually you can see the slick design here. You can directly go back to the home and you can do all other chores which really good. Right now it's not good at all especially once you're building your application. And we want a global not found page for our entire statement. I'm going to close the admin. So here I'm going to just provide that this would be that not found tsx rafce. So that should be uh not found page. So here it going to render that not found page instead of showing that all the black compartment as you can see we are having that not found page statement. So this is the beauty once you are building the application in a pretty decent way.

[10:12:01]
So for the not found page uh we can create an because uh we don't want to be that one as an a client side component. So I'm going to go directly over here and at the same time what I'm going to do uh especially in that pages. So we can yeah we can keep it in the pages. So we make it at the home or we can also keep it in the common. I'll keep it in the common as it's coming for the not found. In the comment, we're going to have a directory where it going to be coming for the pages. And over here, I'm going to put that as not found page client.tsx RFC. So that's going to render our not found property here. So instead of this one, we're going to just put that not found page uh not found page client. Okay. So there you can see it will render that not found page client. Now we need to work a lot of there. So with that within that parameter we can go and make those things done. So first of all uh we need

[10:13:00]
to have that our motion uh parameter. So I'm going to go in the terminal and I think in the package over here for the client we have that package. No it doesn't have that. So let's go in the terminal. I will just directly go in my another terminal setup over here. And from there CD into client and I'm going to just render npmi framework motion. You can use directly the motion here but I'm going to go in a both way. I'm going to provide the framework motion and also I'm going to strictly bring back the motion here. So in that way it going to do a lot of other sense. So first of all I'm going to make our entire statement as an parameter. As you can see uh we are having that our use router here which we're going to make that use router to navigate through. We have all the icons. We have the motion parameter. Now this is not the text property or what I can do I love to make it pretty much like providing the amount statement because this page you can design according the way you want. So for me it's just a

[10:14:02]
simple structural design which we did of page not found. Now here for why I'm providing that to you because this is the basic standard of code you can just provide the setup to any AI and they can generate. My focus is basically to provide you the core buildup the core setup of our application layer. So this is the beauty of your pages of your structure. Either you can put a light setup or you can put like that a dashing setup that's up to you. So for me as you can see this is just I'm going to just provide you with explanation so that you can understand a bit over here. So which can really make a lot of sense to you once you are going to divide on those parameter. So first of all as you can see we have the help uh I'm go from the top we have the router then we have our quick links here by which we can just sorting to go through the quick link setup we also having that popular categories here we can directly go you can fetch that from the database if you're looking forward to but I don't want to call any server

[10:15:00]
in my not found page it's not that much good to go on that also I'm going to go directly on my helpful pages now over here in the div you can see the min height and the maximum proportion here this is the background which coming from that particular tip. Then we have the uh like full width and max width of 4 axel. So this is the one which combining those things and over here uh I'm going to providing this is the card which is actually getting. So if I put padding y0 I think. Yeah. Now now this is looks better. So okay that's cool. Of course we we are pending for the footer. We're going to provide that. So now this page is containing that uh a within a card in the card header we are providing that question mark and that icon over here and then for the card title we're providing the title we're providing the description here and that's the entire description which is providing right here this title one seems to have wonder of uh to playtime don't worry we'll help you to find what you're looking forward looking for now of course there is the

[10:16:00]
button here by which we can you can route or push for back to the home as we you can go through router you can also go through the link that's up to you I use the button so I go directly using the router push and then we are providing the text for the explore an amazing collection of baby products below so that's the one which we are explaining to and then of course we have the quick links and the quick links which actually mapping through that entire link statement so those the links providing a bit of uh like the design here just a slight design having the motion to provide the compartment of the initial motioning design and all are as linked parameter. Now you can design it the way again those some similar pages which I'm going to leave it to you. So you can code, you can try your any of the AI, you can try any other setup to find a solution for it. You can build your own characterize, you can publicize the design the way you are looking forward to. But you know the main focus here of course you're going to get everything. I'm going to go one by one. So now after that we have the popular categories, we have the helpful pages.

[10:17:01]
Those all are just we have the store information, contact information and then we're having our privacy and others. Don't no worries if you cannot go through it. Of course, the link it will be in the description to clone everything and you can have everything wherever you would like to. So now let's go back to home. Now in the home we are having the banner. So now we need to provide our product list. So it's time to bring our product in the motion. This is very very important because the product going to play a very very important role in our entire segment. So we need to be very careful once we are doing that. So first of all instead of this statement here I'm going to go directly in our home over here. I'm going to make create a separate component should be product list.tsx RFC. So that would be representing our product list. I'm going to remove this one should be product list. Okay. So now we should be able to see our product

[10:18:00]
list and that should be at at the very bottom of that the design parameter. So let's just go and uh start building the statement. Now the first ever the product list should be in the server component because we're going to call the product and other parameter the similar things which we did. So let a product and that product should be a type of product which already there in the type and right now I'm going to just provide an empty array over here and if you can go and focus on the product type whatever the product you are having we have the ID name description price discounted price stock average rating image category brand ratings and quantity so quantity as the number now you can see the brand taking the uh capacity of the brand and others now over here. I think this brand is similar. So, we can actually referring that. Uh, okay. No, we the banner is different. Okay. Right now, we can just go the same proportion. We're going to go directly in the try catch in the catch block. We can just simply uh make

[10:19:01]
that log over here which going to provide that uh uh let's say it going to make that product ping error. And here we're going to pass directly the error. And for this one, let's make that cons data is equal to await. And of course, as we make await, I want that entire component should be fetched in the server side. So that's saying component and should be fetch data. And within the fetch data, we're going to provide that product. Of course, we need to define that interface here. So interface should be products response. So in that response uh it should be providing the products which going to be type of product and should be an empty array. So let's make that product response and over in the response okay I I don't want the entire compartment here I want just the first statement the first parameter and over here we're going to pass the route which going to be coming for the products. So

[10:20:01]
should be products and for/ of course we need to provide that par page and right now we're going to provide the par page of thin directly over here to do the things as we're having the fetch data the power page going to render the per page scenario especially if you're looking here as you can see we're rendering the 10 products for particularly here so we are restricting over here the per page maximum 10 products can be fetching over there so now let's make that a products and the product should be is equal to let's say the data and data dot products. So that should be the products. Uh I think uh not the cost should be let as I said it's getting the cost but it should be coming directly on the uh let's parameter that's way you can do the things. So now I'm going to lock with the particular product data. So if we just lock the products and if we open the terminal here. So let's go back to the client and you can see entire product data right here. So in the data what's we are having? we are having that

[10:21:00]
you can see the id we are having all 10 products id parameter and others so this is a pretty beauty the way it's rendering so now we are having those data statement so first of all we need to provide a combination if we doesn't have the products dot uh length if is equal to zero means we doesn't have any products or you can make that one as an empty category or empty ratio as the products is going to coming uh as uh those separate scenario we can just simply use that is array function. So let's go to the npm and we're going to use that as a tiny bit of library. So let's say uh JS is array is array. Uh okay not like that. I think I have that package. So you can just use that. This is a pretty JS is array. So that's the package here you can use. If you're looking forward to of course use otherwise if you don't want to uh I think it will not uh it will support

[10:22:02]
okay let's just try let us see if can support that uh type parameter here so we can just simply make that one to be coming here and npm js is array so within that is array what we can do here we can simply uh contradict that is it is array or not so as you can see uh we can import here import is array is array So you can see is a string array is number array uh and then the validate uh validate array. So we can just validate is array or not. So this is how you can see is array is true. So you can uh go through the product if the product happen is array you can provide that or you can also go use that loadish par parameter if you're looking forward to there's a lot of other things you can also make that like combination like put instead of uh manually typing you can use a tiny packages to do the things but anyway we can simply go and make those things right now later on we're going to combine that. So first of all in the

[10:23:00]
return we're going to provide a div here. So let's go in the D and P tag no products available. So right now it will this message it not going to show. So I'm going to make that one as a note is equal to zero. So that you can see the no products available is right there. And I'm going to just make it little bit clutch here. So should be coming like that. No products available just like that. I think this this this is make a lot of sense. And in the page here I think on uh the page itself uh padding y7. So we're going to having the product list parameter and I believe so we can now also provide a margin top of three so that it going to crashing not crashing with according to the banner. So even in that sense so okay right now we're having the product. So it's our time to show the product in our data structure. Now as we have the product so especially in the product list parameter we can now uh focus to show the product

[10:24:02]
in in particular way. So first of all we're going to go and render this everything here. So we're going to just make these things a a predefined some of the class name them here to just go and combine that to take this things. So after that uh which also can uh propagate to having the margin top and others. So like so. So okay uh like that why chart is open. So it's save and after that we need to bring back our the proportion of the product list. So I'm going to provide a div here I think. Uh yeah it just need to reload here. It's not rendering the latest one. Yeah that's the one which you're talking about. So here I'm going to take another div and within the div parameter I'm going to just go and map to it. Let's say products do map and every single products going to take that product and from the product itself we're going to just return another which you need to be let's just say passing a p tag here. So

[10:25:02]
let's let's say it going to be passing that our product card right and in the product card the key should be let's say it going to provide that product dot id. So that should be the key and here we will be able to see all the available product card here. So now also that diversion here which uh need to uh be provide a pretty good uh proper I think this one is not required I think one div is enough for to do the conclusion here. So first of all you're going to provide a class name it going to take the full weight and of course padding should be take a five of the padding and then I'm going to make it a grid and the grid calls by default it going to take two and LG grid calls of four and of course we're going to make that axel devices grid cost of five. So that should be the for the larger devices and put a gap of three. So now it going to take the 5x five. If you go smaller as you can see getting four and getting two. So maximum minimum is going to get the two parameter which can be uh defined in a

[10:26:02]
very good sense and lot of other parameter too. So as you can see that's the same conclusion and property which we are looking forward to. Of course the sidebar which we're going to take back directly here. We're going we're going to bring that later on. So now we need to provide that product parameter. So we need to create a separate component. I'm going to go in the common and here I'm going to create a unique component for all of us because that we're going to use a lot of places here. So that should be our polar card component here and we are going to call that component right here. So this is our over here. So I'm going to just provide within uh let's say it going to be product card and here we're going to pass the key the similar way the key should be uh product dot id and of course we're going to pass our entire product over there. So should be passing that product as the pops of the product.

[10:27:00]
So every time we are going to render we going to utilize. Okay. Did you import the product car? No we didn't imported it. We just rewrite that one. So let's import it right here from the common directory. Right now as you can see we have the pullet card. So let's go back to our bullet card because we need to do a lot of work over here because this is one of our very very useful and fundamental card which you going to utilize that one. So uh in our okay I think the naming is not good. So it's is a sum of uh it should be product card P R O D U C T product list and then uh okay I think it should be uh let's say product card yeah that's little slight mistake here and I'm going to just go directly to uh rectify over there okay put always let's just replace that replace that so now it looks good so I'm going to make that product card and of

[10:28:01]
course I'm going to just remove that button. Okay, now we're good. So in the product card parameter I I want that one to be uh especially to make the regular as the product. So the product should be coming uh and let's say uh in the sense of providing the type the product should be passing out product. So this is the product data statement ratio we're going to do and make things done. And now as we define that so in that uh top layer of the div we need to provide a link and the topmost parameters. So link because whenever you're going to click the entire product we want that to be pushing that to particular image particular page parameter right. So we need to get that image right here and in that image of course we need to provide that href and that href should be coming not like that should be coming with the back tick and over here it should be focusing the forceless product and then

[10:29:00]
it going to go directly using that product do ID and for the image uh the source should be let's say uh product dot image and of course all tag should be product image And we're going to provide a width of 500 500 by 500 uh image we're going to taking over from there. And that's it. So right now we should be having to be have our images as you can see and that's the four all the images. If we click on there of course the page it will not be found here but we're going to create it for later on. So no worries about so now also we need to provide some of the class name to make it looks bit of nice and clean. So as you can see we're going to provide that class name for that height uh it width should be full height should be 32 object cover group cover scale 110 now it doesn't have a group so let's go at the top we need to make this one looks better we're going to provide a border and round should be empty so the medium

[10:30:00]
round data should be there and I'm going to make it as a group so group and overflow should be hidden and width should be full and I'm going to make it as related because the absolute data it going to go to provide on there as you can see right here that's the similar contradictory setup which we are actually looking forward to. So now for the link statement here put a class name over here and then the link it should be actually that link going to cover up for as you can see here uh the link going to cover up the image and as you can see this this type here is not providing anything. So the link that's the anti-proportion where the link going to be holding uh it proportion here later on we can focus on to bring the other setup. So to make that underline so let's put in the class name I'm going to provide a padding of two overflow should be hidden I'm going to also make it as relative here and I'm going to make it a block okay so now it should be happen to be see a padding here and that effect

[10:31:01]
good now another one it should be which going to be a discounted badge so by which we are going to showcase what kind of discounted percentage we are actually looking forward to and to do that we're going to go directly in our common dire uh common directory here and in the common directory you're going to take another file which going to be make us that this counted p discount percentage or discount I'm going to just name the page of that so discount batch so over here in the product card we need to import that discount batch so let's just in that notion should be discount batch okay so the discount badge we also can pass some of the Ask them. Now there we're going to provide a two such kind of things. First thing first, we're going to take us directly that discount percentage as the product dot discount percentage and also the class name which can take absolute top of list to because we can later on manipulate wherever we

[10:32:02]
can actually passing that parameter and of course as we are passing the two value in interface uh we can just simply uh make those things right. So uh I'm going to just make this one here. The props should be discount percentage coming as a number and class name should be as a string. Now here it should be coming as the props. Now in the props what it going to happen to be that we're going to get discount percentage. We also going to get the class name. Okay done. Now as we did those part here we now need to show what kind of discount discounted value we're going to pass that. We're going to just provide an span tag here. And in this pen tag we're going to just provide the discount percentage and that percentage value should be minus from there. So we're going to just provide a minus tag here. So that it should be uh okay you can put it here. I think it's better to put it here. So as you can see that's the value going to be uh getting the minus value. So in this product as you can see 10%

[10:33:00]
discount the previous value is 55 by the 10% discount rate is there is a 50.31. So that's what we are looking forward to establish right here. Now provided the class name of course we're going to use the CN value here which can really provide uh any kind of contradictory value to disappear and we're going to make it a block and of course we're going to make the BB background should be baby shop braid should be there and then text should be uh baby shop white okay and okay I need to go in my screen here and after that remember uh it will not take the absolute value here because we didn't provide the class name yet and the text should be xray small, px should be three, padding y should be one and after that rounded should be full and of course there should be font should be semi bold. So this is the ratio here but we need to provide another one we need to provide the class name. So whatever the class name you're going to provide it going to take a hit. So you can see the same ratio, same structure right

[10:34:02]
here. And of course after that we just need to use a use a percentage value so that it can know that this is the value which we are talking about is just an absolute percentage value. Now you can see this is absolutely fine. We are now uh doing everything in a proper way in proper manner and we are in good to go. So this is the link parameter which is done everything. Now of course we need to have that uh wish list button. So let's say wish list button it will go here. So I'm going to talking about uh okay there is uh okay why the wish list button is not showing here. Okay the button should be somewhere here because that's going to added to the wish list. We're going to see why actually it's not showing here. So there should be the wish list button here but in production it's not showing but we're going to bring back here. So first of all we need to provide that our wish list button. So I'm going to go and uh create that component here which can generate the

[10:35:01]
wish list. Actually wish list property I think uh it would be better to provide the letter part of the video because remember our wish list statement is still pending to be uh compromising on here. So I'm going to just keep it like that. So just keep it remember that the button should be coming over here. So first of all you need to provide the details here. So I'm going to provide a giving a pag here. So it should be let's say product dot category dot name. So there you can see uh that's the same statement here which can be coming after the baby deals and others. So that's what actually we are maintaining and at the top of here we're going to provide just an HR tag. So just to provide the line here should be HR. Okay. So that's the gap which you're talking about. So put a class name padding x should be four, padding y should be two and a space y should be one. Okay. So either you can put a px or you can just provide I think the two is

[10:36:02]
good. So it going to get the four p pixels statement. Okay. Now looks better. Now for the P tech here for especially for the particularly providing the name here we can just simply provide those class name here which going to combining is that the uppercase text should be uh extra small fonts medium text baby shop text light it will be there and after that P tag it should be another you should be having another P tag which you going to combining that let's say product dot that should be providing the name of that our product and for the name as you can see this taking a big space over here we don't want it to be taking that much big space I'm going to make that a line clamp of two so maximum two line proportion it would be there and take should be a small and I'm going to provide a height of 10 otherwise it going to crashing in between so I don't want it to be follow through and now after that we need to also be providing a price container like like providing the price segment so I'm going to go in

[10:37:00]
my uh components there in the comments so should be a price container container tsx because we're going to render in that way because those tiny bit of component we're going to utilize and use it and a lot of other parameter later on. So that it need to be like that. So in the price container uh the price should be let's say again not the private should be price that should be providing that product dot price and also the discount percentage uh discount percentage should be let's say it going to be product and then discount percentage as we pass the data. So let's go directly in the price container. Now we need to hold the price here we need to bring back everything the way we are passing and remember as we are passing directly here as the property as props. So in the props we need to provide that as let's say it going to be coming as a props and in the props you're going to

[10:38:00]
receive especially the price and also the discounted percentage. Now how the way we want it to show that should be coming as this uh pairing value here. So as you can see so that's the value which we going to combining it together. Now you can see there is a very static version. If it doesn't put that height of 10 like uh what we did in the uh especially in that uh name here you see I I don't want to put the height of 10 right now what it going to happen you see that component you see that value is getting at the top which is not looks good. So I just squash it together to provide a height of 10. Now there is a lot of other way you can also solve that but I feel suitable in this particular manner. So now uh in this particular behavior we also need to have another proportion here which is actually called the price formatter by which we can format the price according to the country according to the data available and others. So let's go and in the common here so I'm going to uh go in the common and create

[10:39:02]
a new file which going to be price format. So for matter tsxce. So that will help us to format all the price data the way we are looking forward to. So what I'm going to do in this particular statement here I'm going to just bring that price formatter and in the price formatter right now I'm not going to provide a okay we can pass an amount the amount should be passing that price. Okay. So this is the first statement to provide that amount data for this price formator. So let's go in the formator how and why it's going to be interacting in that way. And of course there should be an interface here. So let's say interface. Uh interface uh again I'm going to keep the similar name as the props. So the amount should be the amount. It can be either a number or of course it can be as an undefined either the value could be there. And after that of course it can also pass the class name which uh okay that should be class name which can

[10:40:02]
be a uh string and the class name it not mandatory it can be there or may not be there. Okay of course this entire statement I'm going to pass that within the props property and then it going to take the amount and also it going to take the class name. So right now this currency statement it's going to because if you go especially in the production you can see we have USD if I change any like I want to change the euro you can see the effect is going everywhere and even you reload your entire page you see how this things is affecting so that's what we going to create in entire statement so this going to work like I'm going to handle it using the redux toolkits uh not the redux just in particular state the way we are handling the users and others. So we can maintain that one uh within our parameter. So that's what we're going to build up right. So first of all right now still we doesn't have the state we doesn't

[10:41:01]
have the parameter. So we're going to go in a pretty simple way. We're going to directly go with the currency and to see what kind of value what kind of parameter we can provide. So first of all uh what I'm going to do if there is no amount like we didn't pass any price we're going to just return as null. So nothing going to be passing there if there is no amount right and if there is amount we're going to make that for methoded price. So should be cost for methods for methods price and the price should be coming a new we're going to use the same similar of the JavaScript notation it going to be coming as a number and from the number it going to be coming let's say I'm going to provide the number of us uh en US of course the parameter it will be different on we going to implement the structure there so the style should be not like that style effect the style should be as a currency And after that of course it going to

[10:42:00]
make that currency. Uh okay. Why is uh providing that? Okay. Let me let let me try again. What's the wrong here? So we are providing the new number and okay we're providing the new number. In that new number we need to pass the amount because we don't have that converted amount right now. So we need to provide the currency number. It's just going to be a simple amount which we are providing here and there we're going to make that two local string and the local string going to be let's say E and we're going to provide that United States the dollar parameter later on we're going to implement the uh different value of there so we can provide the currency currency should be USD and of course we can also provide the style here style should be uh currency and of course we're going to provide that minimum fraction of digit going to be uh two and also So maximum maximum fraction of d6 going to be as two. So that would be our amount. So

[10:43:01]
instead of that particular div here which uh we can now remove we don't want to provide a div. We just make providing span tag here to be a little bit in a very easy fashion and we're going to pass that formatted price. So now if we look at here we should be able to see some of the priceable data. No, there is no data available right now. Why should be seen here? So, we're providing the formatted price. We are passing the amount. We have the price container. Did we bring back? Did we? Yeah, we have the price container here. Okay. Uh should be amount. The key should be amount. There was the mismatch of the key. That's that's why I like the type script because if we doesn't use the type script, we don't know where the error is and why it is yielding on that. So that's the beauty whenever you're using the type script. Now we can provide some of the class name. The class name of course we need to provide

[10:44:00]
using that CN property value here. So should be CN. And here uh the first statement it will go let's say I'm going to provide this statement over should be uh it going to coming as that uh text should be as and font should be semi bold and text should be let's say I'm going to make that as a text which you going to be um let's say I'm going to make that red and after that it also going to take whatever the class name which we are providing right now. Okay. So right now as you can see that's the price data structure which we are having right now that it will not be you see you see the dollar sign is right there. So it looks good quite good. So now this setup is done for the time being later on we're going to come back to it again because we have lot of other things to be uh done in that particular statement. So this is the one uh statement value here which are providing that parameter. So we can also provide some of the class name here and the class name which going

[10:45:00]
to be a baby shop text light line true font medium because that should be the previous price right and after that we're going to use another price container here in that price container we pass the amount price right so the amount it should be uh note that partic okay okay not the price container should be price formatter price formatter and in the price formatter for the amount We cannot directly directly pass the discounted amount. We need to initialize the value. We need to extract the amount like how much amount we need to send because we need to do the calculation. So let's say discounted price should be is equal to we're going to provide the price then we're going to multiply the price and we're going to host the value on that one. It's just a simple mathematic calculation getting a discounted percentage divided by 100. which is just a simple mathematical equation nothing else and so then it going to pass that discounted uh price

[10:46:03]
done. So right now as you can see we are having the price you can calculate it if there is any mistake you can just redo it and make it correct. Uh now for the class name class name uh let's say make it uh it should be a flex item should be center. So it every item should be center align and the gap should be two and of course we need to provide that text should be a small text. So that's what we are going to do and as you can see uh that should be taking a bit of healthy space right there. Okay, looks good. So now painting is that our add to cart button. This is also one of the very very important parts of our application because everywhere we're going to use that button. Wherever we are needing a button, we are going to use that particular button instead of making every single time a separate button and others. Of course, there should be an authentication parameter and others. So, what I'm going to do uh I'm going to come in the project card. I'm going to

[10:47:00]
close the others. Right now, let's go directly here. I'm going to go create another file which should be add to cardart button.tsx. RFC fce. So there it going to be taking that add to cart button statement and I'm going to come back after the price tag should be taking that add to uh card button. So right now you will be seeing that add toart button should be appearing at the bottom of it. Now the button can handle lot of other parameter. Right now as you can see I'm not logged in. If I try to add to cut button you see either I can directly round back to the sign in page or I can open a model. So that's up to you. I keep it just the page redirect redirecting the user to the sign-in page or you can just open a model similar as the sign in where user can directly go to make the sign-in portion. So this up to you. So now here what we need to do this going to hold up all the state management this going to hold up all the topical parameter here for right now as

[10:48:01]
it doesn't have the state and user we need to make it as simple as possible to uh countdown like the tackle through all the scenario right so what we need to do is there we will just make a simple and simplest parameter right here so that should be coming directly as a button so let's go directly put a button here and then we're going to pass that our shopping cart and like so and then add to cart. Of course, we're not needing it right now. Later on, we're going to imported in a lot of value. We can just provide that. Now, for the button and we're going to provide a variant here which going to be passing that as an outline variant and of course and also we're going to provide the class name. So provide the class name here. Now we're going to make okay the class name is still pending. So in the class name uh we can either put the class name because uh by default we're going to provide a lot of parameter as you can see in the product card where we going to define that I want to take the entire

[10:49:00]
product statement from there right so we need to have the product directly over there otherwise we can't do lot of work because whenever we're going to add to cart I need the product directly here so this product statement and others it need to be generating over here so that it can contain all the properties all the statement in directly on that ratio. So what I'm going to do I'm going to provide that coming as a from as a part of the props and in the props we need to grab that especially for the product and also the class name. So right now we're going to provide the class name within the ratio of the CN and here we're going to provide the class name for that let's say at the first statement the class name it would be a pretty simple and easy I'm going to make that rounded as the full by default padding x of six and margin top of one and if we're going to provide any of the class name it will take place that's it so right now as you can see in hover is taking the effect on here but the gradual effect is

[10:50:03]
not taking the one which we are looking forward to. Let's go directly the button components which we are having to be there. So this should be button uh not that button uh I'm going to talking about the source UI button here. So also I need to provide some of the changes on that particular button here because we need to provide our colors not the colors which it is actually looking forward to and you can do it like that or you can simply pass the color from the polar car that's up to you but if you just look back over here uh especially on that uh button parameter because right now it's showing some of the gray color but what we are wanting looking forward to have that on hovering that instead of that color we want that color which you're looking forward to. So as you can see the default one instead of primary we can just simply pass that baby shop sky which is going to be taking that 90%. So okay not yet uh okay that should be uh okay or I can

[10:51:03]
just simply stagnate all the bottom structure here so that it can take whatever the sides which you're looking forward to. See the outline we are providing the baby sky of 20 that's actually going to take effect right now. So make the color combination the way you are looking forward to and that would be a very little handy right now. Nothing going to happen because we need nothing to be happen there. So nothing is going to be there. First of all, we can just make an onclick function here to do the text which can be really admirable and the text going to be passing a function which going to be handle uh let's say it would be handle add to cart and of course we need to define that function con handle add to cur and that should be a simple arrow function then let's say I'm going to pass that alert dot uh alert Uh or we can just simply pass it window alert window.

[10:52:03]
Uh let's say hello. Once we did that, we're going to tragically get an uh topmost error over here. It going to coming up. No worries. If we just reload, I think my machine is getting bit of slower. So if we're going to coming up, as you can see, we are passing a function over here. But our entire product card is still rendering in the server side. Our page also rendering in server side. So we cannot invoke the call directly here in that serverside component. So you can see that's the error which we are passing that even handlers cannot be passed to client component props. If you want to pass a client component props you just need to make that use client flag on that particular statement use client. So now our entire not the entire product card just only that add to cardart button it going to be coming as a use client and you see the function is working perfectly fine. So we we are good to go to on that particular statement I think. So now of course we

[10:53:01]
can show the toast message if we just make that toast. Uh I think uh toast is not defined here. So we can just uh rectify the toast here to be providing in a very good fashion. So I think uh uh we can make the toast especially in the sonary statement. Uh if we go directly here so this is our page it should be coming up within the UI parameter. So components common home ui and do we have the sonar? No it doesn't have the soner. So I'm going to just bring back my component statement here. So this is the one which we are looking forward to. We're using that use client parameter. I I think we are not needing to providing the use theme as we're not using the theme. So I need to also import that sonar here. So let's go directly and PMI should be importing the sonar and the use theme is not required because we are not uh

[10:54:01]
passing the theme. We're not using the theme. We're just going to uh grabbing that default value here. So it's going to be passing as the soner and from the soner we can directly grab that statement to go through to make those things done like all the parameter of that state which going to happen to be uh use that uh for the toaster. Now as we have the toaster uh we need to also pass because see the toaster this is the actual toaster here. So you can also go directly in the suner value up there you can directly implement all of this. Right now I'm going to get the normal you can change the colors if you're looking forward to. So I need to go directly in my overall layout here because I need to wrap everything within the toaster. So after uh before ending the body I'm going to just pass that let's say toaster which going to coming from the soner and in the toaster I'm going to provide the position which going to be let's say bottom right and of course I'm going to provide some of the class name here which just going to be a simple and slightest class name.

[10:55:00]
and the toast option going to be rounded LG shadow LG border and the duration should be 4,000 milliseconds and here uh instead of that uh window I can just simply pass the toast and the toast need to be imported directly from the sooner and we're going to make the toast dot uh let's say um I think success is there uh success okay let's say button clicked let's see what's actually showing here so if we click on the button okay button clicked Okay, good. So now we are happen to be passing the button. So as you can see we are almost completing over all the parameter. Now we're going to do those parameter also. Later on we're going to go and providing entire statement to go to provide the state and others. We're going to just finishing and wrapping up the design. So that would be a pretty good handy structure to go and finish the belt. Now what we can do is that to bring uh the home brand right here as you can see over here we have that brand we love section

[10:56:01]
after below the product. So we're going to do the similar thing to grab the pattern right here and to start with in over here in the home we can take a new file which going to be let's say it should be home brand.tsxce. So that would be our home brand functionality. So let's say should be brand and we need to import it after the below of the product list. We will just get that home brand. Okay. So now we are having that home home brand the component. Now what we can do as you can see right here we have especially this entire segment still is in the server side. So we can now fetch the data directly here instead of uh lending it uh or making it some other purpose. we can directly fetch here and then pass that as a props in that home brand component. Now we we can do that. First of all to before starting that we need to make that entire component as an

[10:57:01]
asynchronous function because right now we're going to just get our branch directly here and that should be is equal to and we're going to await for it and we're going to call that our function helper function which will be calling that fetch data and here it would be let's say the type should be a brand type as an array of brand type it will be there and of course we need to just define our uh brands as the link over here. Now we if we just go through directly with the log and if we just see in the brands and if we open our terminal as you can see we have our brand data. So every brand has an ID name image created at updated and there is a version variance. So everything is right there. So now we can show particularly those brand data especially in that our brands component. So we can just remove that and over here as a props we can pass the bands uh which should be as equal to grabbing as a

[10:58:01]
brands. Now let's go directly in our home brand. So what we need to do is that uh we will define as the brand could be as a property and others. So first of all if we go at the top layer we'll just make that interface as the property of the props so that we can easily uh grab that and we can just simply call that one as a props like the property value right here we'll fetch everything as the props. So that would be calling as a props and within the props we're going to just simply grab the brand's property and the brand value so that now we would be able to see all the brand property details right here. Now the brand is as an array it going to we can now go and make some type check on that. If we can just simply pass that if there is no brands right. So if there is no brands dot length if is equal to zero uh we can just simply return as null. So you can you can just also make it uh like undeniable check you can just go directly upside down and as you can

[10:59:01]
see there is nothing available right now as we just dispatch on that particular instances. So now that should be available there. So first of all so this div itself need to be uh make some meaningful contribution. So margin top should be five. We're going to provide a border and b should be let's say baby shop and that we're going to provide uh I think that should be the white color be good and padding should be five round it should be empty. So that's here you can see the structure is ready. So now we can uh align with the other property and by the way as you can see uh over here uh we can we are doing the brand we love then view all brands. So this particular thing is going to be coming as an section overview. So we can create a separate component over here so that we can easily call those scenario and that can be done in a very a pretty decent way. So I'm going to go in my uh common directory here and in the common let's say it going to be for uh section

[11:00:03]
vo.tsx or fce. So that would be a typically just as simple as it is a very very uh legit formula by which we can go and show all the value which going to be happen to be get the title and of course I'm going to also pouring the title. It's just a simple uh component here. So let's just go and bring it right here. So in the text as you can see it just happen to be providing the getting the props as a children. So whatever the property you are providing is just going to be extracting over here. It's going to pass the children directly there and it will take the text as to Excel font semibold and then any class name we're providing it will go by. So the same thing here we're going to import the title here from the text and after that also we need to provide that link ref. So whenever you're going to providing the ring rep and others it going to be uh intellectually go and make something over there. So first of all we need to

[11:01:00]
provide the props which we can get everything as a props. So that should be uh let's say it going to passing that props value here and from the props it going to take that title uh not like that should be title h and h wrap title and of course there should be another icon which is chevron right. So now this is the combination value over here to create a section view. So now as you can see these three fields are mandatory. We need to provide the title. We need to provide the href. We need to provide the href title. So apart from it as you can see that's the title brandulab that's the view all brands that's the title of that h and there is the embedded h which is already going to route back whatever the pages which we are looking forward to. So that's going to be doing right here. Everything uh encapsulates it within a div property. Then we have the title showcasing the title. We have the link value h title and as you can see that's providing to the href right

[11:02:00]
there. So now we need to provide the value from here. We're going to call the section view here. So after that instead of this one we can directly call that section view. Now in the section view we're going to provide the title which going to be that brand we love and after that we will also provide the href which going to be taking us to the shop page and then we're going to also going to be happen uh to be the ref title which should be view all brands. So particularly that would be the overall structure and as you can see right here uh after initially did that we have that brand we love and if we click on that uh you see right now is for not found because we didn't created the pages yet but uh you know what's we are actually looking forward to we are happen to be getting done. Now below that as we are having that all the brand section data we're going to create another div here and

[11:03:01]
from there we're going to just directly map through with entire brand is specified and we're going to take everything as a brand. So the brand and over here we can just return an inline which going to be coming to as a link from the next link and within the link we're going to take the image property from the next image and on that particular image we're going to provide the source which should be brand dot image which going to be coming as a string value and for the href uh we are going to be uh not directly passing that we're going to provide the path name which uh uh in direct directly it's going to passing to that for/shop and then we're going to also passing the value here which going to be passing as the query. So in the query uh in the query it should be let's say the brand and the brand name should be uh instead of the brand name it will go according to the id. So brand do ID it will be go

[11:04:00]
directly passing by there alternative tag should be brand image. So brand image and also we're going to provide the width which we I'm going to love to have the 250x 250. So width and height going to be 250 by uh 250. So that would be the image ratio. So as you can see we have the images but which is not so good to look in that uh instances and of course we need to provide a key here. So the key should be brand underscore id. So that should be our u special key over here. Now, as you can see, we have the image, right? And after the image also, we're going to have that brand name. So, should be brand dot name. So, that would be uh okay. Uh okay, it didn't close it yet. So, the brand name you can see. Okay, that looks not nice. But, uh we know the things is done. So, whatever we actually looking forward to, we're now capturing and we are happen to be

[11:05:01]
grabbed those thing. Now over here we're going to provide a grid method. The grid columns by default going to be two. As I'm on the smaller screen it should be three column. LG screen it going to be coming as a six column and the gap should be five. So as you can see that is the gap uh and that is the concatenation which we have been done. So now you can see we have that uh contradiction by which it looks very nice and also we can provide an margin top of three just to be little bit a gap up here or you can put it five if you are looking forward to now we need to make something better on that link parameter itself. So in the link what you going to do you're going to make a flex flex should be in column item should be center justify should be center. So you can see everything going to coming as a center align and for the P tag itself put for a class name text should be small text font should be medium and text we're going to make the text as in the center and line clamp one so maximum one line and margin top should be uh not two but one okay so now

[11:06:02]
as you can see this is uh kind of nice and uh this is the I think uh we are happen to be getting uh especially not to do directly like that we're going to provide a width of 32 so that it can uh really take an effect on that particular instances. So right now if we click on that any of like the pampers as you can see the same thing going to happen getting to the shop and then according to the brand ID is picturing over there but right now as we doesn't have the specified product data like the pages and others so we are unable to showcase over there. Now this is the brand we love. Then we need to provide that baby travel essentials. Then also we have the comfy cute apparel and also we have that why choose us and others. Uh and this is just an ad. And then also we need to have to be have our footer to be done in a perfect manner. So let's go directly in our page. Now this should be the baby travel section. Right? So this is the

[11:07:01]
combination which we need to create. Uh so let's go back to our uh not in the common but in the home it should be uh it should be baby travel section travel section.tsx or MC. So I'm going to just go to create a single instances. So should be baby travel. Okay. Now let's go back here. I'm going to just remove others. So instead of that it going to be coming that baby travel section and close it. So now this baby travel section also going to be amplified to bring all the products data and others and you know by default and and there is an a very uh simple symfony over here. You can also call those products in the server side but and also you can call the products in the client side. That's up to you. But I want to showcase a loading instances whenever because right now on uh maybe the first instances the

[11:08:02]
product is not loaded yet you see. So those load are going to compile and we are we can show those kind of models whenever we our our application is in the client side but you can keep it server side if you're looking forward to but for me as I tend to uh test a lot of other things. So I'm going to just go on and on whatever I'm preferring on that. So everything going to be coming as uh so initial uh properties which going to be fetching on that product's response. So that should be initial value over here and from there it should be happen to be have two scenario two state value one should be coming for the product on the product going to come we going to state forward to save that particular instances and then uh it also going to be coming the other way uh and of course we need to make that as a use client flag otherwise it will uh throw uh some error over here. Now uh we need to call those products

[11:09:00]
right. So what we can do initial setup on that we have the loading instances we have that product instances. So we're going to directly call and use effect function right here. And so from that function we can just simply call and uh initialize the value property here. So first thing first in that property layer uh we need to make that let's say load products. So we're going to just make that call a function call on that load products which going to be coming as an asynchronous function. Let's just go and uh measure on that. So now we will use that try catch property value. And of course whenever we're going to have an error in the catch property. So let's make that uh console dot error. So in the error we can just simply pass the fail to fetch baby travel products and then we're going to simply pass that uh message structure. Let's say we're going to just simply uh throw the error to be seen like what kind of error we are talking about. Okay, there there's

[11:10:00]
already is specified so no need to duplicate on that. And of course there should be a finally tab because we're going to make that our set loading as yes true and initially once the thing is done we're going to also make that as false by so far. So now this is the combination which we are talking about. So first of all in the try block whenever we are we're going to make that set loading as let's say true. Okay. So the loading should be uh true value here. And then we're going to happen to be have the response property value here. Okay. Why I need to remove that auto trigger on that. So let's just make true. It should be the response and that response should be coming as the response of let's say it should be a product response. uh product response and in that product response it should be coming await and then we're going to uh directly go with our fetch uh data value here. So fetch

[11:11:00]
data and over here uh the similar parameter of that let's say should be coming in a product response here then it going to be coming as for/ products products. So we are going to get now we're not simplifying or uh getting the things uh in in in a pretty decent way. We are just going to be simplifying over here. Now what we can do we can just uh filter products for baby travel category we can do. Now you can adjust the logic if you're looking forward to for me I'm not going to do any other parameter. I'm going to simply make that one f uh the response. So uh response dot which should be products and then we're going to make that one as a slice and I'm going to just take uh an eight products from there. So this is the one which I'm going to looking forward to. As you can see over here uh we have total eight products. So we are just forecasting to showcase the eight products. So you can also toggle through you can make uh like

[11:12:00]
bottom to other. So feel free to tiger up the way you are looking forward to. So I'm going to just go on that just to be a combine on particular uh in in this setup and and of course instead I think for the slice instead of that I think from zero we can put a minus over there because I'm going to just triger up one property uh okay I think similar anyway keep it like that okay so now as we are showcasing so this our product is right there we going to call in that uh parameter And of course we're going to call our uh load products function. So not the log should be load products. Done. So we should be able to get our products right here. Now what we can do uh we will uh make a simple loading instances right. So whenever we are happen to be of course we need to grab the skeleton from our UI skeleton. So at the skeleton of the eight array of

[11:13:00]
skeleton as you can see uh the loading skeleton is going on because it is uh loading and even we are just uh calling on them because we uh somehow uh that parameter is uh getting on the loading instances. So uh set loading is true. Okay. Uh I think uh instead of we can just simply uh remove that. Okay. So uh that would not be coming on that because at the top it's already true. Uh I think uh it it would not be a good practice or I think it's is the it's the finalize on that. So by default it going to be as true. So once the function going to run it going to be coming as uh the instances value and if we just go in the null check you can see the loading instances is just providing the value which we're looking forward to. it just providing a very good standard skeleton for the top value and also from the bottom value. Okay. So right now as we

[11:14:02]
have the skeleton there so now we need to provide the other property. So what I'm going to do I'm going to take a div here then another div then it should be coming with another then it will be a short icon and on the short icon uh it should be providing that class name. I'm going to provide a width of five, height of five and then uh also it going to be let's say text pink of 500 just to showcase. So that is the data layer as you can see here. Uh okay. So this is the baby travel. No uh we I think I'm in a wrong uh in the wrong side. So instead of that it should be coming that's the uh second one. uh that should be coming for the plane. Okay. So yeah, that's the one which I'm talking about and then also it could it

[11:15:01]
could be coming a batch. So I'm going to coming on the batch and on that particular B uh okay I think the badge uh instead of self-closing it should be similar like that should be trouble ready. Okay. And for the badge uh I'm going to provide a variant. The variant should be coming as outline. And of course the class name need to be provided. Text should be let's say uh baby shop sky. So that is the text and also border should be baby shop sky. So this is the same symfony right here. Now I'm going to provide some of the class name from the top. Padding Y should be let's say 12 and also BJ should be baby shop white that should be pretty good on that and padding should be five and also margin top should be five and then rounded should be empty I'm going to provide a border so that uh a very specified manner going to be on

[11:16:00]
that so you can see the colon effect on that and after that for the lower level of the div here below on that I'm going to just provide a flex uh okay I I think uh there is a two batch over here. Okay. Uh so everything going to be a flex item center justified between. So right now we need to provide on that particular uh parameter space Y should be let's say it going to be coming up as a two space Y. And now this is the batch which we are talking about should be flex item should be center gap should be two just to keep everything inside by side. So right now as you can see we have the table ready and then we need to pouring up a lot of data structure right here. So we we can do that. So after uh the below of the div we're going to happen uh to be have the h2 tag which going to be uh baby travel essentials. And this one you can use the title if you're looking forward to but

[11:17:00]
I'm going to just keep that as 2xel and mdete should be three excel. I think the three good would be good and also font should be bold and then text should be gray of 900. Okay. So this is the one which you are looking forward to and after that we should be having a P tag and in the P tag it going to contain uh uh not so much uh text just a very simple structure everything you need uh for safe and comfortable travels with your little one and we can just reduce that. Okay. So this is the one I think we have the similar certaintity. So we need to happen to be have uh another button here. So after on that particular instances we should be happen to be get a link parameter and on that link we should be have uh have a button on that button should be show all items and for the link uh let's say put an h ref over here and and that particular h ref uh it should be coming as for that it would be

[11:18:01]
a shop and then we will provide that as a category the category is equal to should be the travel. So by default whenever we're going to render uh like go through that particular shop page we can uh prefetch all the category which going to be travel would be selected and uh for that uh the trigger through for that uh button here of course the variant should be the outline and should be some specified class name variant outline and by default the hidden and MD flex item center gap two and you know little bit hover color to make looks better. So now this is the combination here. So as we are happen to be grabb everything. So now after the link we have the link we have the div. So this is the contain everything. So this is the contain the topmost part of the top layer. So now this is our time to grab our product. So this going to be containing that products uh section. So in the product section we're going to happen to be have a div and then we're

[11:19:01]
going to have that products do length. If the length is bigger than zero, then we're going to showcase the product, right? Uh and um otherwise we going to also uh showcase uh something. Okay. Okay. So if if uh we doesn't have the product so uh like uh placeholder products and travel and third I think uh we have something okay travel smart or I I believe uh we need to provide uh such a because we we need a lot of uh category a lot of criteria so the placeholder products and others so that it can make a lot of sense I'm going to keep it there and then explain to you so that you you will understand but actually we're looking forward to to have it and of course as the code is with you so you can combine it you can keep it or you can remove it it's up to you so but for me I'm going to keep the room so that you can have a bit of

[11:20:00]
understanding over here that how it can go and how it can trigger up on that so first of all so this is the combination here so I'm going to just uh remove that placeholder things and then uh we should be happen to be uh we need to make that if we have that uh products uh products dot length if we have that length uh not uh I think uh products is already slice is there right so uh products do map we can simply okay we can simply map through it which going to take back to our product and then we can simply call that our product card. Okay, I think uh I'm missing something. Uh I may be missing uh something or I'm going to just go back again. Okay, so I'm going to I'm

[11:21:02]
going to prefetch those things later on because it's yeah not uh it's getting very very complicated. So let's just uh make that no products. Okay, so here is the no products and if we have the products then we're going to just simply go with that. If we have the products.length then we're going to have that products do map and everything going to be coming as a product and from there we can just simply make that our product card and in the card let's provide the key should be product do ID and we're going to pass the product and the product should be the product which we are happen to be entering there. So now as you can see we have the product value we can now deal with that and of course uh we need to provide uh some kind of bre pattern here so that it can work uh in a pretty decent way. So now as you can see we have the product data structure. Now what's going to be if it's going to be a null. Okay. So now we can see there is no product spending

[11:22:00]
right. So instead of that no products data we we going to have a uh a different uh variables and different value property. So first of all we're going to have a card. Okay. So in the card we going to have uh like uh we can it should be coming uh as a conclusion over here like card and then the card content should be the placeholder products with no travel products found. So as you can see it going to happen to be the travel stories. So you can go and shop by. So we're going to just creating some kind the badges here so that it can really uh topple on that particular structure and then it can uh go and uh tiger up on that like the product is not available but you know you have that travel stories car seats travel bags baby carrier. So those kind of a particular brand and structure kind of products you can have it and if you click in the shop now it will you see the it going to take that particular structurable data and that can only happen if we doesn't have the product

[11:23:00]
right if we have the product we are no need to worry about that because our product can be highlighted there right so this is the product uh statement for that we also need to have that promotional uh banner so should be uh promotional banner So in the promotional ban banner if you can just see here the travel is smart and you know explore the collection. So this is what we are looking forward to have especially in that uh promo and of course uh that's the same thing same structure so you can design uh you can design better if you're looking forward. So I'm going to just pouring that up so as it's going to be coming like just uh making that uh travel smart discover our curt collection of travel essentials for stressfree adventures. Now whenever you're going to go directly on there shop and the category should be selected as the travel and so this is the one by so far and I think there is the another one uh which uh uh which which I think

[11:24:01]
uh is not uh not mandatory here. So if we just go here and pouring that. So I think this is uh this is uh okay. Yeah. So in the smaller screen it can go here. So as you can see on this smaller screen it going to be show all travel items. So this is kind of combination here which can really make some uh uh rhythm on that. So this is kind very very uh normal and uh very simple and straightforward combination over here. In the same way at the same setup of that we're going to also happen for that uh okay let me just go grab it the similar pattern the similar setup we are just focusing to habit for our let's say a comfy apparel section. So as you can see comfy and cute apparel the similar setup similar products c

[11:25:00]
criteria and then the similar uh benchmark of over here just to go and focus on that particular parameter. So right now uh I think yeah we need to grab that product card here. So as you can explore at the same uh code pattern here. So I'm going to just import it right here. So that should be the comy appearance and after that we are having uh to be the comfy appearance. The one more uh thing is pending over here which uh is going to be for the feature uh services section. So that service is going to be uh holding all the features uh productivity and others. You can see uh for uh like uh what makes us special, why choose us and high quality and others. So this is kind of structurable data you can go and predefine the way you are looking forward to and also of course as the similar pattern the static data right here. So I'm going to just keep it as it is so that you can also combine it. As you can see this is uh

[11:26:00]
pretty much a structurable services data here which are going to have the shell dollar sign track and also the uh hard handshake and then we also going to be compiling on that the states for the users award star then we're providing the badges by choas then we're providing the card and which card we're going to having that details right here and then we're going to have our stats over there so this is kind of combination so I'm going to just go and get the feature section services. So, uh feature section services. Okay. So, now we should be also having here. So, now this is kind of combine almost our home uh statement is just be finished. So, there is another portion which is still pending uh which are going to be uh coming up for our footer. Of course, we need to have the footer otherwise it's not uh so uh nice to be go and and passing by. So we need to provide our initial footer footer value

[11:27:01]
so that it can uh be uh placing everything in a very very uh prof uh proficient manner. So I'm going to just create another components. Uh so here first it going to be let's say footer.tsx RFC. So that would be our footer. So footer and we're going to directly import it in our layout. So after here instead of that it going to be passing out our footer. Okay. So now as you can see uh there is at the corner which we are happen to be grab the footer. Now what we can do we we will make the footer in a better align so that it can go and provide a lot of data structure. Now for the footer we should be happen to be provide some of the structurable layer like the data structure uh which going to be coming as an static data and as you can see we have the information tab which is uh combining that about stop services privacy policy terms and condition and testimonials. So you can see the

[11:28:01]
combination right here information customer care other businesses then we have our newsletter and then you see that that's the combination structure and of course this is the top value here and just uh don't mind for that particular ads and others so keep it in just in normal fashion. So now we're going to also render those uh initial value property here. So this is the one which are going to you can just uh take your time to write everything from top to bottom as footer contain two separate part one that should be coming from that as you can see the footer top data. So this the data going to be combining with that structurable scenario for high quality selection and also the affordable prices express shipping and free. So this is going to be combining there. So what I'm going to do as in that footer which should be happen to be get that let's say uh top footer. So top footer.tsx and this is the top footer value should be align it all together. So what I'm

[11:29:00]
going to do in the top footer it would be coming through uh like instead of or we can we can simply remove that entire div statement here and then uh okay should be coming a container. So within the container we can just simply get to map through that footer uh top data dot map everything going to be passing as an item and from that item we can just simply inent return and here it going to be coming as a div and on the deep getting to directly on the image. So whatever the image which uh which we are passing that item do image and also let's say the all tag should be footer one or footer top images. That's it. So that's going to be combining on that. So I'm going to just uh go and structurize on that. So instead of the uh it should be entire photo structure and here it

[11:30:00]
should be a top footer. Okay. So that should be also footer. So now uh you can see there is the top structurable data. We can see the images but we need to make it looks bit of nice and clean. So first of all as we map through that specified scenario we need to provide that key should be item dot all the title will be a separate. So we're going to keep that title as the key. Now then we're going to have a div and then should be coming an H3 tag which are going to be passing that item title and then the P tag which going to be not the description which going to be coming as a subtitle and for the container itself we need to provide a grid pattern so that it can overall provide a four structurable of data. So similar like that. So now as you can see we have the four structure right. So it going to be padding y five grid grid columns one as

[11:31:01]
grid columns of two and LG screen grid column should be four and the gap should be a five itself. And for the div itself which going to holding everything we're going to make that one a flex item should be center gap should be let's say provide a five lg uh we're going to provide that let's say border r so the right border over there. And the last one uh last one should not be happen to be the uh border border R should be zero. So that's going to be as you can see the last one having no any kind of initial setup. Now for the H3 parameter here for the class name text should be let's say LG font should be semi bold and also I'm going to make it a capitalize and margin uh bottom should be 1.5 and then for the P tag itself put a class name font should be uh medium and then text should be baby shop let's say baby shop black and for the black

[11:32:00]
I'm going to provide 80% opacity leading should be a five so it going to be coming little bit of loose as you can see looks uh kind of cool uh to me go and structurize on that now we need to provide that footer statement especially for what kind of footer data layer which we are looking forward to here we're going to provide an HR line uh which uh going to be a simple structurable line uh HR line which I think did we have that line no not yet so I'm going to just uh provide that it should be coming in the common. So that should be coming as an HL line which going to be providing a very specified line with full height one and the BJ baby shop plug which is the 20% opacity going to be coming up over here and then we're going to also providing that HR line so that it can provide a gap and you can see there there is at the top there is the gap over here but uh you can see it once we are going to providing the data

[11:33:00]
itself right there. So now as we have that H1 uh HR line then we're going to provide that all the other parameter right. So in the footer you can just simply make that one a class name let's say which should be full and uh BJ should be baby shop white okay so that's the structure which you're looking forward to and then uh I think uh the middle one which uh we're going to be uh putting on that within the container here. So container. So in the container what we going to do? We're going to have another div and then we can use the title if we're looking forward to and in the title we can just pass that information information. Okay. So you can see that is right there buth we need to make something in a better and absolute very good manner so that it can be really amazing to see. So you're going to provide a let's say it going to be providing a padding y of 10 by default

[11:34:00]
hidden and the grid grid columns to algae grid columns of four and gap five. So this is the one which we are looking forward to and as you can see the information and others and also whenever it going to be coming in the normal screen. So you can see we are just getting uh everything hidden on that. So you can keep it or you can make it hidden is up to you. So the typical scenario is that so we we're going to happen to be of four div so now there is the first one right so first one then we're going to have another div and here we're going to have that information tab so information tab dot uh let's say map and everything going to be passing that as an item. So in the item it should be coming as a link parameter here and on the link itself we're going to happen to be get that item title. So this is the entire title structure going to be. So we're going to keep the key item.h and also the href should be item. HF so that you can see the href parameter. So

[11:35:02]
this is the all structurable scenarios going on. Now for that uh title here put for the class name text should be LG and B should be four and uh the div it will be just as it is. And for the class name flex uh and then we're going to make it a flex column. And of course we're going to provide a gap of two. Okay. So this is the gap which we are looking forward to to have it. Now of course we need to also provide some of the combination style over here which going to be for the link itself. The class name should be the text uh baby shop black hover text baby shop uh which going to be coming as the sky color and hover effect going on. So as you can see this is the structure. So now this the way it can be combining all other parameter and all other structure. So what I'm going to do after that one uh statement here we can just simply grab it all. So this is just going to be coming uh as a very simple and very

[11:36:01]
specified manner. As you can see all three setup is the same just the newsletter going to be happen to be just providing an input value here which going to be combining uh to get the email placeholder enter email and other. So this is just be pushing that together. Now after that again should be another h line here. So in that line also because below the h line we should be happen to be get another that baby shop and other parameter. So in that structure it should be just going to be passing the footer value here which going to be coming uh as an image. So let's just uh grab the image and which going to be getting the payment image. So that's it the or we can make the 2025 baby shop our instead of baby shop should be baby mold or rights reserve. So now as you can see this is the structurable data. So with that as you can see our entire homepage structure is done. So now we're going to start

[11:37:01]
building like the other setup or the single page scenario and other uh predefined structure. So this is pretty cool to go by as you can see how cool it is to go and see all the structure is working with a responsive manner in a very good performance view. So now we're going to start building the other pages to start with the single page scenario. First of all, we need to have to have our page route, right? So in the client, I'm going to create another route which going to have a product and then in the product route. So as we have the product, right? We should be having another one which we will go with in a dynamic format. So it will be coming as an ID and according to the id then we're going to have that page.tsx. So RFCE that would be a single product page, right? So here it will be let's say product page. So hit save and now if we try to go over there as you can see we have our product page. So means everything is working perfectly. Now

[11:38:00]
according to that as you can see we are passing an ID over there right. So it's getting the product then according to the ID we are structurize the scenario to grab the product data and others. So what we need to do must and for first and foremost is that to grab our data or to have the data but before having the data we need to get our params right and how we can restructurize the params uh to dstructurize that as you can see the params we need to get it is an asynchronous ways because whenever we're going to landing on that particular page we need to wait till we retrieve the params if it doesn't wait you're going to have a very very uh beautiful error on we going to deploy on that. So now over here we uh need to just pass that we're going to dstructure the params and uh p a r a ms params and the params should be coming as a promise. So it should be coming as a promise and uh from that promise itself we need to pass the id should be coming as a string.

[11:39:01]
Okay. Uh I think uh yeah I I will remove that. So it's uh okay I think uh I made a little bit mistake. So this is the params by itself right. So and over here we can dstructurize to provide the type of parameter for the params. So it should be the params and the params going to be coming as a promise uh as a promise. So the promise going to be holding it all together uh not like that. So the params and then it going to coming as a promise. So the prom is going to be destructurizing that over here which going to be coming as an id and the id should be coming as a string. So we can also dstructurize that. So let's just get id and id going to be string. So now we are having our params ready. So our to grab that params we need to get that as an according to the id restructurize the id and of course it need must to be needed to paint that await functionality. So let's go back here and now right now we have

[11:40:02]
nothing to see. I'm going to make a console log here which going to be ID and then we are trying to be visualizing if we have the ID. So now we have the product ID according whenever we going to having the product ID. Now we will be able to fetch that particular product data. How we can grab that? First of all let's say the product should be product and the product should be the type of product. So product and the type is not aligning. Okay, pect should be coming from the type should be is equal to now we can use an await pretty much in a very very simple way. Now let's go uh get the fetch data function which we actually using over there and over here we need to go with the back. First of all it going to go the for/row products and id right. So now if we try to log uh about our product let's say it going to be coming as a products and we're going to try to grab the product. So we should be able to see our product data and also as

[11:41:01]
right now the next year is also supporting at the server side our console in the client side as you can see the product and here you can see the product data we have the brand data we have the category data we have the ratings reviews views so everything perfectly aligned so now uh you can also see how the way it's getting views every time so every data is now getting uh in a perfect manner Right. So what we can do over here right now as we are having the particular dependency over there. So also we're going to dstructure another property which going to give us that as a discounted price. So later on we're going to pass this discounted price. So the discounted price should be the product price into then we're going to just minusing that discount uh the percentage because we doesn't have two price we have a single price then we are using the percentage to like the contradict on within according to it. First of all we're going to use a fallback. If we doesn't have the product

[11:42:01]
what we will do if it doesn't have the product we're going to return and we're going to return a simple div. Right? That would be pretty simple and a pretty defined way that uh it will be not that much a mandatory situation. First of all, we're going to put an H2 tag which going to be saying no products found wait and we're going to pass that ID. So it should be hash ID and then we're going to just pass uh the ID itself which going to be let's say another span tag and here we're going to pass the id. So id if there is no product. So I'm going to just make that one as a back tick. So you can see no products found with that id. So this is the way we will contradict on that. So right now we need to provide some of the class name for that. I'm going to keep it the class name as that mean height should be 50bh so that we're going to have a very good nice looking endpoint and also for actually we doesn't need that two separate div here. I think one is enough

[11:43:01]
to be combining all of those things. So first of all as you can see h2 combining everything. I'm going to just provide that style over here should be the text LG and also we're going to providing that font as a medium. Okay, font as medium for that ID and then for the ID itself putting a font semiable text baby shop uh baby shop sky and also putting the underline and then as you can see that's the one we actually got in our structure. Now as we have the ID so this we can pass another things we will uh really trying to be uncompassing on that that that we should be having a back to home button because we are going to use it in several places. So I'm going to just go in our components in the common. I'm going to just pass that back to home button. We should be have a link and on the link itself it going to just press on that back to home. So this is the uh button we're going to use because it's very easy to combine on that whenever

[11:44:00]
we're going to use it. So also we're going to let's say back to home button. So you can see there would be the back to home button and also we need we can provide that class name. So I'm going to just get the class name itself. So let's say uh if we have the class name uh we uh the class name should be as a string if we are happen to be there. Okay should be like that. So it will not be mandatory. it would be just go like that. So for self here uh uh we can pass that okay we're going to pass that in the button right so if we have any particular class name we can simply passing by and then use it so right now we have nothing to pass like if we just try to go in the class name let's say I'm going to make a bg of red so the background color it will be red and then you can see we can just pass the color of red so this is how we can really make something a very good and unique design so that should be seen Whenever we are doesn't having any products. So right now we are having

[11:45:00]
products. So we are not going to show our that positioning. And by the way there is for the header version we need to do that one. We we still we didn't finish it yet. So right now as we are having that happen to be have those scenario. So we need to go combine some other parameter which going to be the product itself. So instead uh of rendering like that I'll just uh get everything within the container view. So the container so in the container we're going to have uh two particular div one and and two right. So in that we're going to have three divs. So first tip going to be uh saying that image. So second div going to be let's say description. Okay. So that's two div going to be uh explaining how we can make that. If you go in our baby shop as you can see. So if we go in our single uh product page over here we supposed to be seeing that. So this is the one which we are trying to make things and by the way as you can see we are keeping that

[11:46:01]
we are happen to be changing uh getting the changes in turbo we are changing a lot of things you're going to see it also you're going to deploy that one. So first of all we're going to just try to combine to get initial design structure so that it can be easily wrapped up. Now over here what we can do is because the two separate setup it going to be for the class name padding top should be five and mx should be four okay and also for the container itself I'm not going to keep anything for the container keep the container as it is but the div of that particular horizon which going to contain to separate portion we're going to make that one that max with uh I think uh instead of keeping that I think we can simply just cut it Right? Because we are happen to be grabbed the uh particular container here. So the container itself can handle those kind of structure. So put a class name and we're going to pass that. Okay, that's it. You can see that's the same portion is right there. And by the way, this is

[11:47:01]
the baby mar YT. So you can really clone it. You can get the admin setup. You can get that server setup. You can get the client app. And today's version it will be the client app 2 branch. So whatever the code you're going to writing right now today, it will be uh found on that uh client app branch two. So this is the one branch which can handle on that particular instances. I'm going to close that one. The description the link it will be in the description. So it will be easy to find on that. Now first and foremost we need to provide our image setup. Right? This is the simple style we are putting on there. So in the image we're going to use that image from the next image. And over here uh in the source should be let's say product do image and also in the alternative tag should be a product image and for this one we're going to provide a width of 500 and also we're going to provide the height of 500. Now you can do a lot of things you can combine a lot of parameter but we are not going to handle like much more things and why is that

[11:48:01]
because this project combine a lot of parameter later on whenever we're going to deploy the turbo you can see how much uh how much parameter we're handling over there. So right now as you can see we still our main page which going to be a server side. So we're going to trying to keep it as a server side. So it will be a very good uh setup to go on buy. Now over here in the description. So first what we have we have that uh like the discount discount badge then we have other parameters. So we will try to uh combine all of this together. So first of all if we go over here did we have that discount badge? No we doesn't have the discount. Yeah we have that discount badge. And in the discount badge we're going to pass that discount percentage which going to be that product dot discount percentage. So this is going to be our badge itself. You see not look so nice but we're going to make it looks nice. So over here we're going to put a class name. So class name with going to be let's say 14. Okay. So 14 width and

[11:49:03]
now we get a disc we got to get the discount batch. Now also all uh we need to have that product action. So in the action means that whatever the curricular activity we can pass over there. You can see add to card. So of course we need to sign in. I'm going to just go by uh okay uh I'm going to sign in over here. Okay that's good. Uh so we can just need to add to the card but we need to sign in. We need to set up the state and others but we will try to reconcile on there. So right now what we need to do we need to have that our let's say it going to be product action. Right now we doesn't have that. So what I'm going to do, we're going to trying to create that one which really really uh require over there to be make everything in a very very productive way. And to do that I'm going to go in our components in the pages. I'm going to create another file uh another directory over here because this is uh for the pages that should be as a

[11:50:00]
product. So product pages and over here there should be another component which going to be let's say product action.tsx. So this is the one which are going to combine over here. So product action and in the product action we need to pass some of the data. So we're going to pass our product. So the product should be uh it should be directly grabbing the product. So right now you're going to see nothing here yet because we have nothing to be uh passing over there. And of course we need to utilize the uh store right because otherwise we can't save anything in local storage. We still have no login or other parameter. But we're going to uh design that front end uh the page of this one. Then we're going to directly go starting building our store and other parameter for state and the login because you know without login we can do nothing yet. So we we're going to come back to it but we're going to just design that product action to make it little bit better way. So to

[11:51:00]
make that things happen. So as you can see we are passing the product itself over there. So we can simply uh make an product action props or you can just simply uh just type as a props. So that also it going to work. So it's up to you how you going to write and how you going to make those things to be done. And now there is a lot of option to be there. You can again you can make that one of on there. Let's say you can directly grab that FC and over here you can pass that product action props and you can go on that. So even you do that as you can see we can simply grab the product. So the props going to be coming like that. So this is up to you how or up to us how we can really combine how we can really make things to be done. So as you can as you know we we will make a pretty much a simple design over here. As you can see right here we have that quantity we have the add toart badge and then blah blah blah. So we will go on that to make things done to be an a predefined way. First of all instead of that I'm going

[11:52:01]
to just get a two option over here. So in product action it going to be coming as a product name with wish list button. So this should be one and then we're going to also happen that happen to be have that quantity and add to card. And why I keep separate that one from this portion is because this entire things it going to be coming as a client setup because we're going to the user need to be click on that particular button for adding to card. we need to mutate this state and others. So this could be uh really uh making um need to be making as a client side interactivity over here. That's why we made separate that one from the page to as a product action. So first we need to have our home button. So home button is doesn't uh that much uh implication is nothing there. So I'm going to just popping up over there. So as you can see we have the wish list button which we didn't create yet. I'm going to keep it like that but I'm going

[11:53:01]
to keep the star button. So okay. Now as you can see we have the two separate parameter. The first one we are happen to be that product name and then we are also happen to be the star icon which going to be adding to the star. I think the star icon have nothing much to be. I can remove that one but the important thing is we need to have that wish list button. Right. So this is one of the important one. So if we just go over there right now, let's go in the products. So in the products, I'm going to just create that wish list button.tsx or FCE. So here it should be the wish list button for the button instances. Right? Now I'm going to just keep that uh as you can see we going to have those functionality over here. As you can see this all going to be specified on that way. But I'm going to remove right now. So right now I'm going to just uh remove that because we are not going to entirely using those things uh as you may know and also the loading parameter

[11:54:01]
the other parameter the title parameter so those things is not going to use right now. So I'm going to just remove over from there and right now just keep it like that. So should be back. Okay, back should be over here. And we will grab the heart icon. And as you can see the current color fill color. I'm going to remove that is loading. I'm going to remove that. So it should be like that. So this is just a simple wish list button. Here we have button. We have the icon. Nothing fancy over here because we are not going to utilize that one right now. And so we can just simply passing over there. We can just import that wish list button. And that's it. So right now also we're not passing the product and as you can see we have those much uh parameter over here and of course we need to provide those class name over here. So we can uh provide those class name actually uh it should

[11:55:00]
be coming as a props. So interface props let's say class name if there it should be string. So we can just simply pass that uh props uh not the props should be the class name and that should be uh coming from the props. Okay, it's no no need to be putting over here. Yes, it's directly embedding on that. So it can uh easily go on that. So right now as you can see uh we are not needing that particular div as only the button itself going to do all the capacity and do all the work. So we can simply pass that over here. As you can see uh we can instead of do like that we can cut it over here. We can use that CN parameter CN and then we can just pass uh the manual composition whatever the class name we going to providing. Then we can also pass the class name and as you can see right now nothing going to happen because we didn't keep anything to be happen but

[11:56:00]
we're going to come back to it later on after finishing the state mutation and other parameter. So this is the uh composition of there. So now we need to also getting the quantity design right the quantity design itself it will not be that much devastating. So as you can see going to be have a div then going to be have a p tag and the pag going to say the quantity then going to be have another div another div then you're going to keep the button and that should be happen to be the minus icon and that's it. So right now you can see one minus. So this could be two. 1 minus 1 plus the quantity value here. Then add to cut button. So that's it. So right now for the minus icon we can provide the size. I'm going to put it as 18. And so that also after the button itself or we can just simply pass that uh variation over here. So after button we can just pass an span value here. And right now the quantity value we can pass to provide that as a state parameter

[11:57:02]
right. So we could take two value. So quantity uh not smaller quantity set quantity uh no need that react parameter because automatically we can pass that from our react friend. Okay. So right now if we save that one also the type error is not needing there. So by default going to be one. Okay. should be this auto suggestion is killing me. Uh okay. Now as you can see what is mentioning here uh eme script file had an error and the error is that uh that you are importing a component that needs us state and the react hook only works in a client component. So of course we need to make the entire setup as a use client flag. So should be use client. And if we hit save and as you can see the error is gone and we are good to go. So we have the quantity statement is going to be working perfectly. So as we have that now in the span tag we can

[11:58:00]
simply pass that quantity value and after that we can happen to be have a another button here. So let's say should be another button and on that button should be a plus icon. So the plus icon size 18. So we have the two button itself there. Now let's go back at the top. We're going to try to one by one over there to provide the design. So put a class name margin bottom should be two and for the div itself here put a class name should be a flex item should be center and gap should be five. So the gap is still not here because that gap should be coming at the button and the other parameter. This is the one which going to handling the other one like this inner circle. So flex item center and the gap should be six and px should be five padding y should be two rounded should be full. Okay. So as you can see that's the one actually working over there. And for the button itself here. So the as you can see the

[11:59:01]
button that should be having a very gentle design here. And the same thing going to be also coming up. So we're going to provide a border zero BG transparent text baby shop black and whenever we hover text should be baby shop sky and hover effect going to be the both button should be having the same contradiction. Okay cool now the quantity I'm going to keep it separate same or you can just simply mix that font can we can make the medium and the text should be small text I think that's cool or you can just make that LG text I'm going to just keep it as a base right now. Okay. So now we are happen to be have that right. Now we need to do uh two certain kind of scenario which can handle a lot of parameter right. So what we can do uh we can increase the quantity we can decrease the quantity whenever we are going to uh click on that. Right? So first of all we need to have a certain kind of uh attention here. Add to cardart we're going to bring it later. Authentication we're

[12:00:00]
going to bring it later. But right now we can at least do some assertion kind of things which can make our application scenario in a better perspective. So the first one over here as you can see we will just combine a two value here. So the first one going to be decrease which uh need to be decreasing the value and the second one going to be the increase whenever we are going to adding the value. So these two action going to happen. So we need to uh we need to decipher like we need to create the two action. Right now we doesn't have that action. So let's go copy that. So as you can see the same function handle increasing quantity and handle increasing quantity. So that's the sorry handle quantity change. So one getting the decrease one getting the increase. So the simple one function which going to handle in the both circumstances right. So now this const that should be the function and of course we need to uh define the type here. The type should be let's say it going to be coming as an increase and decrease. Okay. Uh okay. So

[12:01:04]
this value going to be as you can see the auto tune is just passing us the value here. Of course I need to provide another okay so what's actually is doing is providing two type. One type is getting increased one type is getting decreased. Then the if the type is increased is set quantity getting the previous value and then adding like making passive one and for the quantity for else if uh the if it's not increased means it's decrease or you can make the else if quantity value then is getting the math domax one and the p minus one. So it's just minusing one. If you go over here as you can see that's it. So it's plusing it's minusing. So the value is doing its work perfectly. Now the another one which need to be combining it all together. So after the div itself here we need to have another button. Okay not here but here after that div we should be happen

[12:02:02]
to have get another button and that button going to be passing that it should be uh providing that add to cardart. So this is the button which going to handle all the tax regarding that add to cardart properties right. So the button variant we're going to provide the variant as a outline variant and also for the class name uh we can provide some of the class name which will make our button looks little bit better and clean. So the flex one padding Y. So in the flex one it going to take the all available space as you can see that's the one which we are talking about. So that's the button also and then the border baby shop text light hover border baby shop is sky hover bj baby shop sky hover text baby shop white text base font medium and also we can pass simply the hover effect. So the effect going to be in a very smooth transition. Okay, now this is the time which uh we need to provide a lot of

[12:03:00]
other parameters also but we didn't do it yet because we need to work on that uh of our store setup and others. We're going to come back it later on. Now we have that uh product actions right so after the products actions we need to have our price view. So this is the price view which going to be uh uh contradict with that. So we need to combine on that price view parameter. So after that product actions let's go here we're going to provide uh or we can just provide a comment here. So that should be a price view. So in the comments we're going to have to have another dip then another dip then it should be coming as a price uh price formatter. In the price formatter first the amount should be the discount amount. So discounted price right. So this is the price it will be coming as the first instances and after that another price uh par formatter going to be arising on there and the price formatter going to be uh no the first one going to be uh so

[12:04:02]
the second one going to be the discounted price the first one going to be let's say product dot price right so this is going to be the first and second instances so we're going to create some of the very legitimate design over here for the first one as you can see the text baby shop light line True font medium text LG. So you can see the price is getting the extra the more price over there and that is the reduced price. So that's the design which we implemented over there. So I think it will just do is tax. I think it's by default getting the red. Okay. So this is the combination here. But uh the design is not so accordingly correct on here. So we need to provide that one flex item should be center and gap should be two text should be small I think uh it will not mark on that. So the text going to be the text how it is. Okay cool and I believe uh if we go over here we can simply make that space uh y should be

[12:05:03]
five. So it going to be happen to be have any space particularly with all other variation and values. Okay. So now as we have that so we have the price format already deep done. So now we need to provide that badge and star. So we need to create that and right now this one we're going to just combine on that in a very uh good manner. So we're going to have an star icon. You can just create it as an array then provide that value. So getting the zero reviews. Right now we make it hardcoded but later on we're going to combine on that especially whenever we're going to building the turbo repo. There we are having all the scenario working perfectly fine. You're going to see that we're going to get the code if it's not added on that particular project over here which you're building. We are going to share the code for you. So you can have that you can see how we implemented that one also. So the class name should be flex item should be center gap should be five and justify should be between. And again I'm really sorry so many

[12:06:01]
things we are not combining it all together because as you see this project also happen to be have the mobile applications which going to be building using the react native. So there's a lot of things to cover. So we cannot go directly on and on with a lot of other like indepth parameter. So now as we have that so we can see now we also need to happen to be the user view. So the user view here also after that particular div here. So the reviews after the div we're going to have that user view and on the user view we just going to be providing that how many users is just viewing right now and again those things is coming up on that particular the turbo repo version all are embedded uh especially happen to be in the server not uh making like that but we're going we're going to come back to it no worries. So after that portion also we uh need to provide another positioning here. We're going to provide a button here and also we going to

[12:07:00]
happen to have the icon here and also we going to have that share to icon here. And this is saying that buy now button which going to be click and you can start buy now like the quick buy. You can ask the questions and also you're going to have to have the share. So this is the one which you can see ask question uh ask questions and It should be not uh ask question again should be uh it should be okay that should not be that should be share share okay that's that's the one which need to be done there I think something have to be there uh okay so now after that uh we should have because as you can see this is just a static part over there so I'm not uh providing that much up to a scenario for you So you know how to just grab it. So I'm going to just get that another one which going to be coming as the delivery part. And on the delivery part as you can see we are happen to be

[12:08:01]
getting a two separate uh statement here. One is going to be a track icon a track icon another should be the box icon. These two things getting together estimate delivery and free shipping and return. So this is just combining on that to providing a realtime data. So the user can understand how and when it going to be overflowing over there. So this you see the same systematic component which going to happen to be like an overall scenario which is uh really uh entertaining. Now after that delivery segment here we should be happen to be another segment and the segment call for the payment image. So if we just directly go here as you can see we need to import the image from the asset. So this is this will show the payment parameter and the images. So as you can see this is the one which we are looking forward to. And now after al passing on that so there are so this is the uh payment which we're talking about and after passing the payment as you can

[12:09:01]
see before finishing the container we should be happen to be have another deep which going to happen to be that product uh description right. So this the product description layer it going to be there which will get the description which will get the about the brand which going to get the reviews which going to get any questions arising there. So this is the combination which we are going to create right now. So what we going to do instead to creating over here we also going to make that another component which going to be product let's say description.tsx RFC. So that's going to be product description. So let's go over here. I think action is I'm going to close it. So this is the one which going to handle the entire statement. So it should be product description. So this is going to be coming up right there. And the product description also going to be combining that particular self to just to have to be passing this style over

[12:10:00]
here to make that the max width screen axel. You see the small variation here. And then it going to be getting the BG uh baby M white shadow the baby shop black and others. So the problem is that the description which going to happen to be grab that particular tab and others. So we need to uh make that another separate positioning. So we need to provide that product and the product should be a product. So because we need to make that entirely as a use client flag because the click event going to be happen over there. So right now as we are happen to be getting the product here. So we are uh we need to define that let's say interface should be coming as the props and the props going to be taking the product. So should be product and the product should be our product from the types and we can simply grabbing the product from the props. That's it. Now this one happen to be grabbing the

[12:11:02]
active tab over here because we're going to have four tabs. The first tab itself it going to be happen to be that description which going to be active by default. Whenever you're going to come in any project uh any product you can see that should be the active variation here. So this going to be active. So what we will do we going to create that a particular instances of tabbing value and others. So I'm going to go over here and then it should be happen to be let's say uh can have the tabs and on the tabs here it going to have the tab list. So the tab list and make sure you're importing up from the component itself. So that's going to be happen to be the tab list. So the tab list going to be have a particular four tab parameter. So the tab list going to have a four tab trigger. So as you can see I need to import that at the top. So that will combine four tap tigers. So the tap tiger one going to be that description, one about the brand, reviews, questions.

[12:12:01]
So these four it's going to combining it all together before putting that everything in top to bottom to be in action. So weight should be let's say going to provide the full weight. And right now for the tab itself uh tab class name width I'm going to provide the full width so that it can uh push later on. And also for the tab itself the value should be uh let's say it going to first get the active tab value and on value change should be the set uh tab parameter and the default value uh not the default check the default value should be description as you can see the description value is already selected but with the design it it should not be like that. So in the tab value uh you can see we're going to provide the design we're going to make it a grid which should be full so that it going to compress it all together and then we're going to make that grid columns of four as we made the grid grid should be full column over there and video should be baby shop white uh white and then height

[12:13:02]
should be we're going to provide a 16 of height and then we're going to provide a border border should be baby shop text light So baby shop text light and then rounded should be excel padding should be one. Okay. So we grab we are happen to be get that design but why those designs not implementing I think uh I think did we have something over there? Okay. So the tap tiger uh okay data the active one uh yeah okay we we we provide that to be inactive to be sky okay anyway looks good so right now as we have the tab list right so we need to provide the data itself right so after the tab list here so when the tab list is done we need to have another div then we're going to have that uh tabs contain right so the tabs contain of the first

[12:14:02]
contain going to be an h3 three contain which going to be let's say product description. So that's going to be our first uh initial value and the value should be let's say going to be combining of that description. So whenever the description going to be there that will come to in place. So here put a class name text should be LG font should be let's say we're going to make that medium and the text should be baby shop black and also going to be margin bottom of three and after that a p tag which going to happen to be get that product dot description if it's not there means if it doesn't have the description then we're going to make that no description or description available or available for this product. That's it. So now we have the description. So it's available. I think why it's not taking uh max with the screen. I think uh we can just provide a width of no need to

[12:15:01]
provide the max width. But still it's not getting that. So I believe we need to manually uh inject something in the tabs. Uh let's say we can um we can particularly go in the tabs. And so we have text, we have the flex column property, we have the tab list value. Let me just try if I put my previous value. Is it getting that? No, it's not getting that. So means it's not from here. Okay. I'm going to keep it as it is. Okay. Not from here. But certainly it's not uh getting itself reveals the description. Okay. Should should align. Okay. Uh I think I know how to fix that. So if we go in the P tag here uh put a class name tech should be baby shop black and with the 70% of opacity. Okay little bit uh providing on that darker

[12:16:02]
state. Now over here put a class name margin top should be five. So that it going to providing a gap over there and the bj already whatever the background color is there. of the border. Border should be uh border uh baby shop text light. And then uh we're going to make that a 30% opacity over there. Rounded should be axel. Okay. So this is the one which yes uh rounder should be excel. Uh we need to provide also a padding. Padding should be pi. Right. Okay. Now the problem is that uh if you go here in the product description why we are not getting the full weight that is the problem is we can decipher and debug why we are not injecting to

[12:17:00]
grab the full weight right so this is the okay because of the container because the container happened to be have the full width instances because the container have those parameter to be embedded. So what we can do I'm going to I'm going to cut everything I'm going to take another div and then I'm going to pushing that everything within the div parameter because previously we used to do that but I forget because I thought uh we are not requiring to have that. So this class name I'm going to just impose it here and I'm going to remove the class name from the uh from the container as it's not recurring right now. Yeah. Uh okay. So that whenever we are providing on that so let's see. So this is the first div itself.

[12:18:02]
Okay. So we need to remove uh because that will be coming the bottom of that particular div. Okay. Yeah. Now it's okay. So that should be removing from there. So as you can see now it's can have all the entire statement. Now if you go in about if you go in reviews if you go in questions so now we need to provide those data by which we can combine it all together. So we have the product description the similar parameter going to work on that. So uh I'm I'm going to have to have that another tabs content. So let's just go and bring those content here. So in the tabs contain uh as you can see for the product brand we uh we need to like getting the learn more about the brand or no brand about about is there. So if you go here you can see the pampers LLC if you go reviews. So customer no reviews yet if you have the questions we get the questions value. So now our application layer is getting little bit better. So if we directly go any of the

[12:19:00]
pages or any of the products. So we're going to go in that product. You can see that is working perfectly. So means we you can now add your loader. You can add the other parameter to make it better. Right. So now our first instances to be starting to build up our uh segment here. First of all, let's just check if our packages is installed or not. Do we have the Justin? Uh I believe we should have the Justin but no we didn't implement that one yet. So just no not installed. So what we need to do to initialize our store value we're going to use the Justin and also we're going to use the Justin persist and also we're going to create JSON storage using that and to do so we're going to just simply open the Justin so this is the website for justence and we will just go to click on the documentation and I love to use the Justin because you don't need to use any wrapper particularly automatically it going to just uh embed it within your u project And that will

[12:20:03]
be good to go instantly. So we're going to just copy that and let's go in my terminal. And from there I'm going to take new terminal here and then let's go into cd into uh it should be client and npmi. Uh okay too much full code. Okay I think uh okay it's it's get also coming. Okay. I think common it will not make any sense because comment it will ignore because you see npm comments. So I think that's good to go. So we have the Justin and now what we need to do is that in the leave we're going to create a function create a file which store.ts. Now this is store going to combine our everything. Okay. So now let's say from there we will take that from just so let's say just and from the justant we're going to create that create method and also we're going to import some other parameter the persist from Justin middleware and also we're going to

[12:21:00]
happen to be that create JSON storage from the middleware. Now if you already building uh so many other project with me you know how we going to start and how we going to finish that things. uh you know how to set up that one. So I'm going to go with some of that scenario on there. We're going to create like we're going to build up the helper function pretty quick. So that should be let's say helper function. So that will be helper function uh to map server card item to local format. Right? So that we going to do for our card. Right? So first it going to be as a card server. So now first of all there should be defining that card interface for the cart server item. So every c product what it going to happen it going to happen to be a product ID then going to happen to be the quantity which going to be number in the product ID or you can see instead of product you can also make that one as the name of product. So this up to you

[12:22:00]
I'm going to keep it the similar as previous one. So that every single product have underscore ID which going to coming up from the MongoDB which we are happen to be get the underscore id which is going to be string then we're going to have the name string description going to be string price going to be number and I think pretty much you can clone that or you can just copy that those type from that particular scenario from the repo so that it could be easy for you then you're going to have the price number discount percentage and you can also uh be welcome to have to be uh visiting their documentation how it can start creating on that then how you going to use that and also you can just simply search over there I think the search is working yeah search you can just use that persist you can see whenever you go in the persist it will just show how the data is yeah the middleware going to use and how it's going to using similar pattern of the redux to be combining on that data value now then we're going to have the price going to be number discount percentage stock at average rating the number image

[12:23:00]
which going to be string category string And every category going to have ID name, image, category type, brand having the string and then ID name and the ratings. Then whenever see it in the product this is the normal product of our database which going to coming from the MongoDB but it doesn't have a quantity in the product right. So whenever we going to extract that product the quantity number we're going to keep adding the quantity. If it's the first product going to be adding it the first time if the next time we are just going to adding the quantity value right? So this is the one of the interface which is required for us. Then another interface which going to be coming the interface. So let's go. It going to be getting that card product with quantity. The quantity going to be a number. So this is pretty much similar of those things. So the card we are setting two separate positioning the server item going to handle the item which going to be happen to be in the MongoDB which going to be coming because see this product. So whenever we are

[12:24:00]
going to like I'm going I'm going to just sign in right now. So let's say sign in with that and once I'm signing in you're going to see okay login felt I think uh this is not the correct one. So I'm going to just go with that. Uh okay I'm going to go with this one and then I'm going to go with my password. So let's try this one. As you can see we are happen to be grabbed that. You see the one product in the cart. It's supposed not to be there, right? Okay. I think some of the local storage may be still on my side. So if you go in the card, yeah, you can see. So this is the value over here when I'm I'm logging. You see it going to extract the data in the database, right? So that that is what actually is doing because that's the server product data it going to provide there. And that should be the local value here. Okay. So now we're going to make that map item to the card. So that would be a tiny function which going to provide us a con uh const map item to the card and the item should be

[12:25:00]
the card server item and also the card product with quantity. So in the product we are got providing the product ID the item product ID do id. So the product providing the name description price discount percentage stock average rating image category. So just uh uh like you can pause the video or you can just make it a slow play more and then you can uh rewrite that everything because if I type uh one and one you know it going to kill a lot of time for you people and also for me. So now after that we're going to happen to be the category happen to be the brand and the quantity. So this is the getting uh we get that map card item to cart to the product right. So now after happen to be uh grabbing that value we need to also provide the interface. So this is basically a lot of interface going to be coming here. I'm going to bring back all of those interface all together or you can just use a separate file to combine the interface value. Right? So this is the interface for our user. So the user is going to be having the ID, name,

[12:26:00]
email, avatar happen to be the role, address and address going to be happen to be an array of address and every single address going to be happen the ID, street, city, country, postal code or it default value. Then we are having the user state. We are having that o user we we happen to be the uh getting the o token which going to be string or null and is authenticated like this user is authenticated or not that could be also happen to be as a boolean value either it can be authenticated or it cannot be authenticated. We have update user function we have set out token log out user verify o load user data and register. So every single scenario going to be updating from that user state. Then of course it going to be a promise as because we're going to use the asynchronous way to set it in our local storage as well as to our database. Then there happen to be the card state interface and every card going to happen to be have the card items which going to be an array of product. Then the card items with quantities which going to be

[12:27:01]
happen to the product and then the quantity is loading going to be ben value. We're going to have to do have to have the add to cart function remove from the card update card. Now this is just we're defining the type not the function itself it just defining the typing value because without the proper type we are not going to get the proper actual value ratio or the benefit of using the typescript. Now from that update card from quantity clear card set card items get card item quantity is inc card or not. So that's the combination going to be a boolean value sync card from server also going to be a function. Then we're going to have the order state. Of course, that should be coming as an order. So, we doesn't have the order. So, let's just uh go to our order API. So, we will create uh we are just going to grab a simple function here. I think uh orders or we can uh of course we should we

[12:28:00]
should be having the orders API and then the same API we can use that. So, I'm going to just use click that order API.ts. Yes. And the order API should be happen to be have that interface which are going to be let's say order item. So I'm going to just provide that here. Order item. I'm going to just define the interface here. Later on we will be coming here. So the order item as you can see uh that's the order which we are going to grab from the order API and every single order what actually is happening. You can see we have the ID, we have user ID, items, totally status, shipping address, payment intended ID, Stripe, session ID, paid ad, updated at, created at. Now here is little bit less. But right now, which we are working with the turbo repo that's happening much more of that. You're going to see I'm going to drop the video very soon. There you're going to see what's much because we're going to uh maintaining the history every single time like every

[12:29:00]
single order we're going to have the packer uh call center to uh like uh confirm the address and confirm the order. We're going to happen to be have the packer to pack the order delivery man and accounts to receive the payment from the delivery man or uh the online payment. Then we are also happen to be the other like the in charge and all. So this is going to be a quite fantastic build whenever we're going to transferring into turbo repo. Stay tuned. You're going to get the code. No worries about that. So now here we're going to get in the store. We're going to getting the orders as an order of array. It's loading going to be boolean value add order going to be a function update order load orders get orders count and clear order. See all the tiny things we're going to use that together because we need to combine that with our server. We need to combine that with our local storage. We have the wish list state which going to happen to be get the wish list items and also the wish list ids. Add to wish list, remove from wish list, set wish list items uh and also the clear wish list is in wish list. That's all the currency going to

[12:30:01]
be having the code name symbol and red for the currency parameter because uh if you go over here as you can see we can simply change the currency. So that's the one which we are going to maintaining by using the state over here. Then the currency state going to be the set selected currency string and the currency is going to be the currency array over there. set currency, get currency and convert price. So now this is we just provide the value over here the types right. So first one the first state which we going to create is our usual state. If we create one then you can understand how to create the other. So we're going to just simply make that export a const value and that should be use user uh not the user use user store right use user store and that user store going to be happen to be getting the create value and the state going to be happen to get that user state right so that's the value we're going to use and that's a very simple functional value over here then we're going to return

[12:31:00]
from there indirectly then we're going to use the persist value to uh set the data to get the data right. So we are going to use the persist. If it doesn't use the persist, it will not save in real time. And after like get set parameter, we also going to have another variation here. And the variation going to combine and another property which going to be name and then going to be user storage and the storage should be getting that to be our create JSON storage than the local storage. So this is the persist value which we happen to be have there. Now we need to provide those function right. So now as we have the type script you can see it's crying yet if it doesn't have the proper type or proper type safety parameter of course it going to cry. So now as you can see if we going to type over here you can see the O user we know what it could be by default going to be null. You can see autoloading. Uh so should be auto loading. Outloading is not there

[12:32:00]
really. Uh it should be there. Okay. Autoloading. Uh okay. I think it's not uh defining in the typo. So uh where the user user typo use user typo not loading should be the boolean value. So right now if we come over here so let's say going to be autoloading and that should be false by default and also going to be coming I'm going to just provide that uh some of the parameter and then also it going to be coming as an o token so ocore token. So the token itself it going to be using that cookies right. So the cookies going to be coming to be JS cookies right. So we're going to use a uh package over here. If you go in that our uh not over here but if we directly go in npm and if we just paste that one js cookie so

[12:33:01]
that's the simple a tiny bit of utilities function by which we can really get the cookies here. So that's the one which we're going to use and you can see is a 14 million for weekly download is a very very good package and very stable package. So we can use it perfectly and be make sure whenever you're going to using any of the packages you need to see the dependency value you need to see uh the actual the parameter because right now uh so many vulnerabilities is happening around site so you need to be very very careful whenever you're going to use the package. So right now we going to use that cookies. So let's grab the cookies from there. Uh cookies uh is not importing. So we can simply go at the top. So let's go at the top. We're going to import it. So let's say import that should be uh cookies uh from just cookie. Okay. Uh okay. What what is that? It's not declared. It's not where we in install that one. Yeah. I think if

[12:34:00]
we go back in our package. So we should we should be happen. Yeah. J cookie, right? So why is not uh showcasing here? This is a type parameter or other problem over here. So uh type any could not find a declaration file for module JS cookie implicitly has any type really JS cookie should be okay. you're going to find that first of all we're going to we're going to directly go on there then later on we uh I think uh any declaration is uh really required or not we will see we'll see so first we're going to just go with the cookies so later on if we still the error is persisting we will see to fix that so cookies dot should be get value

[12:35:02]
and the get value could be o token or it can be null so I'm going to just bring back the all other parameters so right now After that parameter we're going to happen to be have that is authenticated like value if the cookies get out the if the O is there should be the is authenticated the update user going to be getting that out user and the user and if is authenticated should be true whenever we are going to get the updated user and also we can need to provide that set O token the O token going to be a set as a self uh okay I think uh instead of uh making that mu jambo because as you can see uh as you know that everything should work properly. I'm going to just bring back every single function then I'm going to explain to you in a bit. So let's go back here and clearly got everything so that you know there is no error everything working perfectly. Uh yeah there is other API use API and others

[12:36:02]
we're going to grab it one by one but it's a long list of data as a long list of parameter. We're going to fix that. You see also cookie zero is gone. It just happen to be I think whenever I'm going to reload it going to be disappear for sure. So right now what we are going to do is that we're going to happen to have that use user store which going to maintain our user productivity within our application. So if you see in a clear way we have O user null o loading should be false. out token going to be getting from the cookies and if the out token is there okay otherwise you're going to keep null and is authenticated value if we have the cookies get out token then the value going to be is authenticated it going to be true otherwise by default it going to be as falsy now we're going to have the update user update user going to be the set user it going to set the user as o user going to be the o user and then o user going to be set as the whatever the user we're going to receiving and is authenticated then it can be true. So whenever we're going to updating the

[12:37:01]
user, we should have the value and also we're going to have that set o token in the parameter it will get the token and if there is the token we will get the cookies set and should be the out token and the token expires in 7 days and secure and processb node.b DNB production is that it should be the secure and the same site should be flex and the set all token should be the token is authenticated should be the true and set uh I need to provide that load all user uh I think that's going to be uh set timeout so load all user so that should be uh what is saying cannot find load all user it's not finding of their data So uh I think we need to provide that uh load all user. So what I need to do is that I'm going to below of that function

[12:38:00]
uh we're going to just provide that uh load all user. So as you can see in the load all user data so not load all user it should be the load all user data. So now if we come back here uh I think uh we should be happen to be grab it properly. Yeah. So that's the loading all user data. So whenever our token is okay it's load it's going to loading all user data. We should be having that 150 millisecond for the timeout and else the cookies remove our token and if there is so means if we have the token we're getting the token data we're setting the user we are grabbing all our user data otherwise we are making that removing the our token and putting the user as null. Now what's going to happen to be have there in load all user data still we are in the user right? So in the load all user data we're going to happen to be get the token which going to be as in string then we're going to have that promises and we're going to make an asynchronous function here. So you're going to use the try catch value. So if

[12:39:00]
we have the error we're going to just providing the fail to load wish list. So we're going to loading separate data. We're going to loading for the get user wish list data which we happen to be get our wish list API and also the wish list response which going to also get user wish list which using the token and if the wish list response is success we're going to use that use wish list store otherwise you're going to get the get state and then also the set wish list ids which going to providing that wish list so we're going to come back later on as we are happen to be grab a lot of scenario so right now after that uh like happen to We get the token, we set the token. So after the token, we're going to also have to have the load user data. Right? So in the load user data, as you can see, we need to provide that user data. Right? So what I'm going to do, I'm going to combining everything together so that it will really make a meaningful uh induction here otherwise I need to go back and forth with a lot of other data parameters. So I'm going to

[12:40:01]
just go and pushing that things together. So we're going to happen to be have the currency. We happen to be have the load user data. We happen to be have the use wish list store. And now we can go with that our use order. So right now we're going to just moving forward to have that. Now as you can see uh we happen to be uh okay that's the use card store. Uh where is my user store? really uh where we grab that. Okay, I think uh I misc miscapsulate on that. Uh I forget to copy this one. So should be grabbing the other one. So before that it should be this one. And again I know this getting messy but you know you have the code to go by to make things better and that you can make understand good way. So now for the load user data is

[12:41:00]
happen to be get the promise. Now get user wish list. Now wish list also we're going to create a separate API of the wish list. We're going to have to have the API for the wish list. We're going to have the address API. We're going to have the o and card API and order API which already created. So I'm going to bring back those API. So this is the uh wish list API. Right. So in the wish list API what actually we're doing we're getting that API base URL which going to coming from the localhost 8000 for/ API those are the interface for the wish list response props and the wish list products response which going to having the success products message then happen to be have to get that add product to wish list. So this is the function which are going to add a product to the wish list uh view port for the local storage and also for our server. Now over here getting the asynchronous function getting the product ID token as then we're going to getting the response from their fage API based URL means we

[12:42:00]
are talking to our directly on the local host 8000 API or whatever the production API we are providing there then we're getting that wish list add we are getting the post method and the header contents we are providing that product ID every time whenever we are going to adding those product like if you see over here wish list whenever you're going to click you see that product is saving to add it in our database added in our local storage and this is the API which providing the data to be coming and in so far so that's how we are adding going to adding to our database using that our API then if the response okay as you can see uh not okay then providing the error fail to add in wish list if we have the data we're going to provide that response to JSON returning the data so whenever that's the one getting the add to wish list then also the remove from the wish list you see getting the product ID also the token because we need to check if user is there or not so then we are also happen to be get that wish list for/ remove and

[12:43:01]
the method going to be as a delete method and then we're going to happen to be get that application JSON if authorization barrier if there is a token then we're going to getting the product ID if response not okay providing the error if the okay is there then we're getting the data and then also we're getting the get user wish list and that wish list going to providing that our wish list API and then we're getting the data from there. We're providing the data itself directly and also G wishlist products. So that's the one which going to providing entire wish list product uh scenario for us. And of course you can find out all the links variation in the wish list route. Here you can see get user wish list add remove product clear. So that's you see the wish list for/ products which we talking about here. uh that's also going to be uh coming directly from there not uh where is the wish list so that's the wish list API so as you can see wish list for/ products going to be providing us the products and as you can see we're

[12:44:01]
getting the products id directly on the post method then we're receiving the data and returning the data uh so and then the clear wish list you now getting that wish list clear by which we are clearing the entire wish list product if response is okay we're just returning the empty data which going to be coming from the wish list property. So this is the one which going to using that I'm going to make a little bit bigger as we talking a lot more over here. I know it's getting complicated but if you type it properly whatever I'm showcasing it going to work or you can clone it and then testify on that it going to work perfectly as I'm going to test it here directly also. So now load the user data as you can see we're getting the get user wish list data from the wish list API. We're getting the use wish list store from the store and then wish list response getting the get user wish list providing the token and if uh the token response is success we're getting the use wish list store dot get state and set user state with ids that with a list

[12:45:02]
response dot wishlist if we having the error we're providing the error otherwise we are providing an asynchronous function then providing the use card store which going to coming directly from the store and of course we have that card store right here. We're going to coming back to it later on. So on that uh we we are grabbing that our card store and then also use card use card store get state we are also seeing card from with server. If we having the error throwing the error then we have the use order store here which going to combining the order parameter and also the set order restore get state we going to loading all the users according to the token means we need to we have the user and also that user need to be authenticated for sure to grab that data. If we have error, we're going to providing the invalid token error and then also getting the cache error for this to verify error or getting the cookies or remove all token and others because everything is still we are now

[12:46:00]
still in user. You see that log out user. So that's going to be combining all things. So this is the promise that's the getting the load user data. Right now we are happen to be get the load like log out user. So whenever we are logging out the user we are removing everything right we are whenever we are logging out we are clearing that uh user data user wish list we are clearing that user card store we are clearing uh the user order store you see the clear orders we are verify the o and you see if we have the token we're going to getting the current state and also we are getting the authenticated value so now we need to also get the o API to provide our entire segment value so right Now if we uh okay await O API we need to import O API and from the O API we are getting that out profile if uh the response data is okay what we are doing here we're getting that uh I think uh this is the coming as a verify so

[12:47:02]
that's the log out is done over here also implementing on that so now we having the verify verify all so whenever we're calling that verify all we're getting the token from our cookies token If there is no token, we are using the putting the user value as null, authenticated value as null and keep everything user user and other null. And if we have the token, we're going to get the current state. And if the current state dot use of user like if it also is authenticated value is there, we're returning from there means we have user otherwise what we are doing we are getting the response from O API to get the O profile. Then in the O API you can see we're grabbing that especially for that API responses we're grabbing the user property value over here to grab the user which we already uh did. So as you can see it going to provide our entire segment to be grabbing those scenario how we can grab the user and how we can set the user accordingly. So now in our if the response we are

[12:48:02]
getting the data right so we're getting the set of user going to be response to data authenticated going to be true token going to be the token. So now in the try whenever we are going to have that property value like we have the data we're still again try catching the value we're setting that wish list property getting the wish list getting the use wish list uh which wish list respons property so we're getting the wish list and setting over there if error there is the error and then the card is stored. So we whenever we going to get that verified user we're grabbing that wish list we're grabbing that card we're grabbing the order. So these three value we need to keep in mind. So whenever we are logged in we are providing three different distinctive value. We're getting the user card, we're getting the user wish list, we're getting the user uh orders AC and also that's going to be coming according to that user data because that should be up to that value. Right? So now this is the register function by which we are registering if we have the like we have

[12:49:00]
the O API post if we if the user is registered and if response is not okay providing the error and you know after registration it will just directly redirect to the login. So we're not setting anything there. Now this is the uh handle property which using that user storage. So that's the value which going to be coming for the user. Then this is the value for our card store. We have the card items. card items with quantities is loading false. And now add to card value is there. If we have you know the product quantity we are getting the out token from user. So user have the out token. If out token is not there then throw of the authentication is required. We happen to be get if we have the out token we're making the set loading as true. Then the card is true going to be happen to get the add to card which going to be coming from the card API. If we directly go over here, you can see in the card API, we're importing that. Uh, okay. So, card API, this the card API. And here we

[12:50:02]
are getting that card item. We're getting that card response. We also we're going to get that uh card uh get user card and that user card going to happen to be response with that API which going to be the card which returning user card. that also happen to be add to card value property which going to using the response the post method on the card by which we are providing on that as you can see as we have that user you see the card routes so all the card routes going to handling all of those data action property updating card and product ID and other so this is the one which is finalizing the value property for the card so I'm going to go on the card again now this card value can update the card can uh delete the card product and also can delete the entire card. So all are actioning through the API. So this is the one which is handling and for the add to cardart if getting the response with that await add to cardart or token

[12:51:00]
to maximize the user then the product then the product ID according to the product ID then the quantity we are sending to the user and if response is success we're getting that card item with uh quantities the response card do map we're getting the map card item to product and then we're setting the value in the local storage and if we error providing the error remove from card again We're verifying the user token. If no token authentication required like without login nobody can see the card and so far the deleted it right. But still we are valuing the restriction even somebody can uh hit through the postman or any other application then they can access that but that time token is required. So it will throw directly there. Then if if that we have the token you see the set loading is true then we're reoming the card and then if response is okay our token product ID everything success remove and the card should be empty also that using that update card item quantity. So we are

[12:52:01]
updating the card item quantity here we are clearing the entire card and you see again saying the token and clearing card with using the card API and that's it. So the set card items that's the providing value which is providing there get item with quantity which actually providing the quantity is in card or not because we are checking if that product is in card or not. Remember whenever you're going to come in here if is in card you see the value going to be right now still not handling over here but it going to handle especially in the turbo. Then sync card from with server. So it will automatically sync all item with the server whenever you're going to loged in. Again we're checking the token. If no token you see the error going to be coming here otherwise going to be loading true. Then it going to provide that get user card. So it will automatically require the user card from the card API. If the response okay get card user uh user card and then you are setting the value with the card items

[12:53:00]
with quantities and the card items going to get with that particular product. So now this is going to saving with that card storage. So we have the two storage in our local storage. One is the user storage another is the card storage. Then we are going to happen to have the use order store. So this is the orders store. So as you see order empty is loading false. Now that's going to be coming the add order property update order property. Then it going to be also getting the load order property. So now this is the order API which need to be providing all other functionalities. So I'm going to go directly in my order API. I'm going to provide all of those data. So let's go back to our order API. I'm going to pouring all the uh all the parameter here. So in order API we going to also happen to be the similar uh in uh contradiction over there which going to be getting that create order from card. You know whenever we going to uh create the order so it going to directly hit to our API to create the orders. It

[12:54:01]
will be a post method and as you can see we're going to providing the card item shipping address according to that. If response okay providing the error if it's okay you see we're going to happen to be uh get the okay get the order data which going to be response to JSON we can also put a console log just to see the order data and you see the return we're going to provide the success true returning that order data dot order or according to the order data whatever is returning from there then the if error we are providing that catch error there now get user orders so this is the creating orders this is the get user orders providing a response you're going to directly fetch to the orders from the API and as you see we need to provide that user token it it means we need to be verified to get the user orders without the token you cannot get that user order if response not okay providing the error if it's okay await and returning that response and thoroughly if error we are providing the error and also we're getting the single

[12:55:00]
user which is the get order by ID and the same way we are using that orders for/ orderer id providing the authorization token if okay then providing returning that response as the true value then delete order again we are checking that delay order we are providing that orders do id the method is actually a delete method and in the headers you see providing the barrier token and all and it responds okay not okay providing error if it's okay providing success true message the order deleted successfully if error we are providing the error now this This is the one the update the order status every time the order status is updated. You see the update order status getting the synchronous formation pending paid complete canceled. Now there should be some more in the turbo repo because you're going to have the packed value delivering delivered and other value going to be coming like confirmed address confirmed. So many things going to be coming there and getting the token payment indent ID stripe session ID. So

[12:56:00]
you can see the successful in order and getting the message. So we are directly providing the response for that API based URL and getting the orers value providing the status a put method to update the value and in the body we are stringify the value providing the status payment id intent id and type session ID if not it's okay the response throwing the error if it's okay getting the data and providing the success order and the message which going to according to the data message and if we have the error we are providing the error to go on that so this is the benefit of getting have the other API and out API where where there is error. Okay, API response is uh going to be there. So I think that's supposed to uh be fixed. Uh okay. So API response okay if we go in there API response going to get the value success tree. Uh okay T token error AP okay we we're going to come back later if we still persisting that. So now this is the

[12:57:00]
order. So that's the where we are handling that use order store. So now getting all the update order load orders you see the how the function going to be running order there get orders count and the clear orders and getting the order storage and the similar way use your wish list store which we happen to be get beforehand. You see the function how the add wish list going to work remove from wish list and also the set wish list items set wish list uh ids and others. So everything going on going to clear wish list is in wish list or not getting the value of the wish list storage. Then we are having that load all user data. So that's the user data going to be passing through a promise a synchronous way we're getting the get user wish list data and and then going to be coming from the wish list this response as is going to be happen to be get the get user wish list and according to the token we can provide that data right without token we can't access those data. So after that also you're going to grabbing that in another try getting the use card is stored use order

[12:58:01]
is store. So that's how we're going to loading entire data and if everything settle all set all settled and the promise is going to be fulfilled. If error we're going to providing the error and for the use currency store which we are providing for the currency matter the selected currency going to be by default one is USD then we're going to having the other currencies you're going to have the code of USD US dollar simple dollar rate 1.0 0 1.0 then other good. So we're just manually manipulating over there. But uh as as the things can be buying we can use an API for the currency API that's the tax which you can do it by yourself but in turbo we fix this this also. So everything going to be good to go. So we're going to select keep the set currency as the currency. We also going to get currency using that. We can also convert price according to using the currency. Then we're going to have the currency storage. So this is the combination of happen to be grabbing all the entire user property. So now we happen to grab

[12:59:01]
the store. So I'm going to check if anything we missing. So we have the address API, we have the API, we have the O API, card API and we have we we have the configuration file, we have the orders API. Uh we also need to be other things which is not right now. Store and others also going to be coming. the validation we which we have already in separate parameter also we the other parameter can be accessed on that. So right now as we are happen to be done those parameter and those segment over there. So first thing first we're going to go to try to create that our sign in like to go directly in the register method to see if everything working perfectly like if we can do the parameter to make the things can be done to be there. So what I'm going to do I'm going to create another directory over here should be called name and o. So then we're going to have that let's say sign in and then page.tsx rafce that

[13:00:01]
should be our sign in page. So let's say rfce sign in page. So should be sign in. So now we have the sign in combination. So in the signin page we need also we're going to keep it as uh as much as try to be conserved in that uh client side interactivity. So we're going to provide a padding of five then md padding of 10. So that's going to be right there. Then instead of that we're going to grab it another div here. Then we're going to have to another div and h3 going to be get that as a sign in. and then have a P tag should be let's say login to access and here in this pen uh baby mart okay that's it I think that could be better so that's it and now for at the top level of the div here we can just

[13:01:00]
simply passing okay what we did here put a class name okay we're going to just simply providing that style which is the max width of 4x Excel you can see and BJ shop uh baby shop YT white and padding five MD padding 10 flex flex column item center rounded MD border should be coming as shadow class name text should be keeping center and for the H3 put a class name text uh let's say text should be three axel uh there should be one text and after that also font should be semi bold and MB should be one again if you have any consistency or any problem to understand this tool. Try trust me just uh clone the repository or you can copy paste from the repository to understand it better if you feel typing getting a lot of time to kill yourself. So because right now we have a lot of AI to go and combine that. So there is a very less time for people to go and embedding a lot of scenario by which we

[13:02:02]
are creating the baby M because we are accessing a lot of data structure right so this going to be a a very very tiresome things to be uh done in that particular segment okay so after that the P tag going to combine I think P tag going to combine nothing in the span tag we're going to make that text as baby shop sky so should be sky and also font should be media. So that's going to be combining it all together. So login to access baby mart. So now after that uh we are going to be creating another function. So let's go as it going to be coming as an o. So uh I'm going to go in the common pages and here I'm going to create the o. So here it going to be coming as a sign in. So sign in from tsx rce. So that's going to be for that sign in.

[13:03:00]
Okay. So we're going to simply after the div itself here we're going to grab that sign in form. Okay. So now this is our form which going to be coming up right there. So I'm going to just uh concate it together. I'm going to keep it side by side so we will understand what kind of changes we are actually making by so far. So now for the sign in form uh that should be need to be as an according as a news client because user will uh type so many values and others over here. So now over those segment uh there should be some of the contradiction and first of all we need to provide that uh schema object to be defined right. So as you can see for the login schema object so we need to get the result here. So Z from the result. So uh okay should uh need to be importing z. So they just import Z from Z and also

[13:04:02]
that should be uh not okay why the error is concerning over here what is saying here okay anyway it will it will it will provide the actual data right so later on we're going to fix that so in the login schema we have that Z do object and in the object object you're going to setting that email which going to be coming as a string and that if email is invalid email address so if you know if the email is not matching with that uh property it should be invalid email address the password which going to be string stringify value minimum the password must be at least six characters and the terms accepted to literal true error map you must accept the terms and policy so here what actually is meaningfully converted there I'm going to just log out from here so that I can show you what's actually going to happen. So if we go over here,

[13:05:01]
we need to be make that true otherwise we can't you see nothing even we make password we can't access. So that's the one which going to be coming up. So let's go back there and now uh after that let's say we have that property. So now we can also providing the type value properties over there which going to be the login form and Z.info in far and that going to be passing that login schema and over here we need to have a separate value property. First of all we need to grab the state value property. So the two state which I'm going to make a little bit bigger so it can be side by side. So we need to get that use state property also we need to get that use router from the next router. We need to also get that use user store. So this values going to be coming here. Okay, use router I think. Uh, okay. It's not going to be coming next router. It should be coming from the next navigation. Okay. So, need to be importing from

[13:06:00]
there. So, now uh we should be having that loading set loading or is loading or set is loading is going to be a boolean value. First by default it going to be as a falsy value. So, we will make it true whenever you're going to infer those so many other property. You're going to have the show password set show password. So in that value if we try something let's say I'm going to type in some value I can show it right. So that's the one going to be indicating on that by default then router going to be use router we're going to get the set token set O token update user from that use user store value. Okay so now the from value itself we can provide that property value here. So in that property we're going to happen to be get that we're going to use that use from hook and also going to use that Z resolver and the resolver going to be coming from that uh resolve uh like the hook from from there. So I'm going to just grabbing that. So that's the one which going to get that z resolver from hook from resolvers for/zot. So now we have

[13:07:02]
the login form and in the login form we're using the use hook form so that the verific going to be there. We're going to get the login schema and the login schema going to have that enter schema property and then we're going to getting the default values email going to be an empty array empty uh string password empty string and the terms accepted by default we're going to keep it as true. So you can see a user can easily go and access on that right. So right now we need to bring back our form property. First we're going to create the form right and there is the motion property here. You can see if you load uh you can see how those things going to intercept it like it's going to be. So we can use the motion here. So instead of directly uh embedding there we can just simply use that uh motion div and we can import the motion property directly at the top. So should be important to be coming uh

[13:08:02]
motion from frame motion right. So in the motion in the motion value we will provide a just a very very sleek value property you know it going to be coming from top to like bottom to top. So by default initial value it going to be y 20. So it going to be in hor vertically 20 lower animate going to be one opacity one y should be zero. So it will not be visible like whenever we click you see it's going to be just coming from the bottom to top. So that's one which we create using easy and with full padding x going to be four. Now entire form we're going to keep it using our card. So it should be within the card component. So let's say the card contained. So in the card contain we're going to have that our form which going to be coming from the components and from that we're going to have another form right. So that destination going to be there. So the from value it going to

[13:09:00]
be that do for from so that will contradict our entire from statement. So you can see there is some kind of status value we are getting that. So put a class name which should be full weight and shadow should be none and border should be zero. We're going to want to put border. So border should be zero. So right now we have the from value. So over here uh this from value we're going to also make that space uh space y should be six. So the value itself going to be a six aside value over there. Now from there we're going to have that from field. So the from field so the from field going to have to have the value. So I'm going to just make a self-closing and the control going to be let's say it going to be a from dot control and right now the first one the name should be as an email property and the render property let's say the render value. So the render value going to be coming an object which going to be getting by

[13:10:01]
default as the field value property and then we are going to be running directly returning the value property here and then we're going to use that from item. So the from item and from the from item getting the from level and in the from level here the first one going to be as our email. So the email after the from level we also going to get that from control here. So in the from control going to be happen another uh motion do and on that motion div we're going to use that input value here. In the input, we're going to provide the placeholder which going to be you at example.com just to provide an idea what it going to be done. uh email type it will be email and disabled whenever is uh disabled going to be whenever is loading is true it going to be disabled and also the class name we're going to provide that uh you know we it is have some by default property but we're going

[13:11:02]
to uh provide some of the class name which can make it looks little bit nice and clean structure so that's going to be and after that also we need to enlarge field property the field value right so that that should not like that field value right so this is the class name which going to be the border grade 300 focus ring two focus ring indigo 500 and you see border 500 transition all duration 200 so that's the one which going to be combining over there so that's we have the email value okay I'm going to close it we have the email value and then we also happen to be get the other property right and the label we can just distick the label if we are looking forward to. So where is the label? I think that's the one which we can combine. So that's the label text and I think this one not required. I'm going to go with the default value whatever the value is providing. Yeah,

[13:12:00]
that that that is fine. Okay. So right now we have the email property and the from control and also it going to be happen to have that uh the from message like if we have any eore and other property we can simply pass the message the class name the message text should be red of 500 and also text should be extra small. Okay. So this is the one which going to be passing for our uh uh directly to go combined with that uh the component for the type of that email. Then we are going to have another one which going to be uh grabbing for our password. So this is the password. You see the name is the password in the vandering time property. We're providing the label which is the password. Then the from control similar motion. I think here we didn't provide the motion data. So we need to provide the data itself. So the from motion I'm going to go and provide that. So the first one uh okay

[13:13:01]
okay yeah this the one so whenever you going to get the scale 1.0 zero and transition uh zero to duration and here getting the password in the form control getting the animation and the input is getting the placeholder as dot dot text show password if there is the show password text otherwise the password and disable is the loading and field getting the field value and we are also getting an button to show off uh the password so I off and also getting the I so this is the password value property which the button is providing that value if we type something and if we you can see it you can also hide it right so now we also happen that from a message by which we can provide the message itself now we're getting the password and after the password value we should be happen to get another value which can combine the value of the concatenation of that from acceptance. So now as you can see we are happen to be getting the checkbox

[13:14:00]
for that of course need to getting the components from there. Uh okay checkbox. Now the check box itself so uh uh it will be checked on the value going to be entertaining over there. So the terms should be accepted. So the checkbox filtered value what is there uh value or it can be false or instead of false can be undefined. Okay. Anyway you're going to see what kind of error is getting. So now the checked uh change is going to be creating the field on change disabled whenever it's loading. And then in the from control we're going to providing that I agree to the terms uh or not from there should be coming from next link and then if we can also view the privacy terms and privacy policy you can see it can just directly open and go. Okay. So

[13:15:01]
that's the combination for that. Now after that on we are happen to grab it. So as you can see right now we're going to have another motion. So motion dod div and in the motion we're going to have a button. So not this button but actual button over here in the button we will make that one should be let's say going to be an span tag going to be happen to be a login icon and then it going to be simply pass that sign in. So that's the one which going to be there. So let's go in our motion tab parameter. We're going to provide some of the class name over here or the animation here the scale and others you see on see hover going to be a little bit bigger. So now the button uh we're going to the button type going to be a submit button and also going to be provide a class name which should be full right. So now it going to take the entire display parameter. So I'm going to just provide those things in a very very similar

[13:16:00]
fashion. Uh okay what's the matter we did wrong? Uh okay we have the class name I think uh I have been okay this is the class name oops why this auto correction is uh okay you see whenever I'm selecting is getting that directly that's why happened to be get the problem okay so this is the same combination of that so right now uh also okay cool so right now what we We need to go here in this pen tag. We're going to provide a class name. As we can see, we need to make that flex item should be center and gap should be two. So this is the value by which it can be the sign in. But there should be another value by which you can see uh it going to provide uh the separate value parameter like we can combine that if the is loading value is there then it going to provide something otherwise it going to provide this uh parameter. So I'm going to keep

[13:17:01]
it here and if it's providing the sign in it's in the in in this pan tag uh it's going to be getting that loader to icon and then it going to also saying that signing in right so right now I'm going to just uh make it uh a formation here. So now put the class name so class name flex item center gap should be two. So now you can see that's coming together and in this span tech loader here put a class name uh let's say uh animate animate spin so that you can see it's signing in so uh I think that is uh saving the purposes whenever it going to be making is loading parameter right so now uh we are uh happen to be grab those things and also uh it going to be like the button going to be a disable we're going to make it disable like once we are doesn't having that accepted like if

[13:18:01]
we click that you see button going to be disabled so that's the one uh you can see and once it disabled we don't want to be uh make that one as or I'm going to keep it let it be yeah so whatever it is there keep it like that so now over here on that disable property so after that uh especially finishing those uh cut content we should also be happen to be another portion here which going to be providing that card footer. Okay. So that's the value going to be uh in that parameter. As you can see we are happen to be getting that those things. So after the finishing the card content here we're going to just simply pass that the card footer and in the card footer we're going to have the value. You see that don't have an account you can directly go in the sign up. So this is the value which going to combine. So don't have account go sign up. And also we can provide another parameter here. So I'm going to go and uh just getting

[13:19:00]
those things here. So after that pag we're going to happen to get the card description. So in the card description we're going to provide some more value property which can really make things nice. You see uh our address and other property which can really be cool on that. So I'm going to keep everything together. So or uh I think we can make it directly on that. Let's say going to be flex flex column uh I think flex column and then we're going to make that uh item should be center and space y going to be four okay you see uh uh no it's not uh I think the sign up okay uh yeah don't have an account so this is the one putting the value property here so this value justify center flex flex X column need to be provided. Yeah. And then I'm going to provide a gap of five. Let's say gap of

[13:20:01]
five. Okay. Now, cool. So now what we are going to trying to we're going to trying to make a login function right now. So that we're going to see if it's working or not. So we're going to directly go in uh in the form property to make the sign in instances. So let's go in the form. So that is our from here. We're going to make that let's say on submit property variable and the form dot it going to be handle submit function and that function going to name as on uh submit we didn't create it but it going to be like so and also in the form value everything I think call so now we need to create that on submit value onsubmit functionality so let's uh copy let's go at the top should be con onsubmit And in the onsubmit value it going to providing that let's say the data and data should be that login form data and also after that it going to be providing that a promise. So let's say

[13:21:01]
not like that promise and the promise should be passing as a void. So should be passing as void and then it going to be coming as an asynchronous function. We're going to get the data itself and then we're going to declare our functional property value here. So now we should be able to make things done. Now what we need to do with in that on submit value property first of all we're going to make that set is loading as true. Then con success value going to be coming from is equal to await. We're going to make that login function uh not like that. So login function whenever we're going to get the data right. So now we doesn't have that login function. We need to create the login function. So on top of that function we're going to make that a login functionality to be created and here it will be an asynchronous function where it going to take the data which data going to be a login form data and the data itself

[13:22:01]
going to be creating a promise. So let's say uh we're going to get that promise and the promise should be getting to be grabbed as a boolean property and then we're going to just simply inject the function. Okay. So now here we're going to make the try catch property value. So in the catch property you see if we happen to be get the error we're going to provide that. So in the error we can provide the error here. So we're going to just simply make uh we can lock any error if this happen to be there. So what's uh this is the first try we have right. So we can just simply pass that let's say uh we're going to make that uh console uh console dot error. So we're going to make that login fail providing the error and also you're going to provide that toast dot error then login fail try again right and then we're going to make that return as false. So now after that as we sit back together so now we can uh make uh that

[13:23:01]
one in a a very very better and visualizable way. So now we're going to go to create the login. So the con should be providing the response should be is equal to await and we're going to make that not directly fetch o API you're going to handle on that then we're going to create a direct o API dot we're going to use that post method from there and directly we're going to use that for/lo right so in that parameter we're going to provide the data so the email should be data email and the password uh not like that pass through should be password. So the password going to be data dot password. Okay. So these two uh provider provide we're going to two things we're going to provide. Now if we have that response dot success as we're going to providing from the API and and we're going to have that response dot data if we have the two certain value

[13:24:01]
then we're going to make that con. We're going to like this structurize the get the token and then we're going to set it and we're going to do lot of other things. we're going to get that token uh or we can just first grabbing that uh should be coming from the response to data and on the data we're going to get that uh token value also we're going to get that user data right so these two distinctive value we're going to get right and from there we're going to make that let's say set of token which need to be coming over here should be coming as token and after that also we're going to make that update user so let's go update user which going to be passing as the user data. Uh okay. Uh I'm going to just login successful or you can just keep that. We're going to we're going to we're going to handle it not here but we're going to handle it at the bottom and then we're going to make that return true. Right? So now everything is good to go. We can return the true and if we doesn't have that data layer here you

[13:25:00]
see uh it it can it can make the fail again we can just pass that to do error. Uh so like that uh there should be no messages here. So invalid or you can just uh make that uh like you can go with that let's say it should be login uh failed. Okay that's it. So uh a login failed and also it going to be passing that return uh not like the tree should be return as false. Okay. So now we are going to happen to be get the success from that login data. So if we have the success like if we have the success then what we going to do we're going to make that let's say uh toast dot uh success logged in successfully and also we're going to make that router dot push uh okay router dotpush right now we're going to simply push in our home route and also we can make that set is loading as directly as false so this is going to handle predefined in a proper method so

[13:26:01]
let's just go and try it can be failed because that's our first item. So I'm going to open the console just to be measure it in a proper way. I'm going to remove everything and I'm going to go with my admin user which already happened to be get in my our database. If we try okay that should be true. If we try to sign in voila you can see we get the out API where we get the car token which is true. So everything is good to go. So right now also it logged in there uh it should be happen to get the data right. So what I'm going to do because right now if I reload I should be happen no it will not get. So now first of all we're going to go in our header. So let's go back to our header. So should be header uh in the source admin client header. So in the client header I think it should be coming within the user button. So we can now access the user button to check how we can uh consolidate on there. Right. So now we can get that uh property value

[13:27:02]
from there should be coming from use user store and from there we'll get two value. First of all we're going to get that is authenticated and also we're going to get that al user uh not all loading but al user. Okay. So this two value we're going to grab it from there. Okay. Once we use that two value you see that's the client set interactivity. uh because on that you need to make that use client and uh beauty of the Justin is that right now we are not using any kind of wrapper itself there right so now I'm going to log that true data is authenticated uh is authenticated and o user so if we log you see the is authenticated is true and we're getting the data we're get we're grabbing the user data address and others because it's a live database we connected so we're getting everything we're getting a role and others so everything is Good to go. So now we can use those data to show the data value. Right? So right now as

[13:28:00]
you can see the uh this the link parameter or the welcome and sign in sign up method is whatever we are passing here it can need to be uh relocated over there. Right? So instead of that we can directly putting like I'm going to remove that. No need uh or no need to remove that. We're going to just put that uh like the combination here. So it should be similar of that if the authenticated user is there all user user/profile. So now if we click it should be taking to me the profile you see the user profile but right now we doesn't have the profile so it's just uh you know providing the error and also we are going to providing two more variable over here you see we are having the user icon that should not be coming the case on that because there you can also use that image uh image from the next image. So image it to be coming from the next image and once we getting the next image you see the missing width and height. So I'm

[13:29:01]
going to provide the width of let's say uh 50 and height of I think 100 by 100 going to be good and also we need to provide that you see the avatar we are using that so in the next config.js JS we need to uh access to our database credential. So that's why we're just uh all right we can go in the next uh line here so we can just utilize that one here. So this the remote pattern which we use that for the colinary I will use the another one not like that should be coming to be another protocol. I just copy that protocol and then use that. So now we're going to use that one uh itself. So that is my database credential. So that would be right here. Okay, that's the S3 bracket uh with Amazon which we imported there.

[13:30:02]
So now if we reload here uh it should be able to see that you can see the icon it will be coming here. Okay, cool. So now also we need to provide one more property here which can really be good on that. So this is the uh avatar which we are using. Now we also need to be as you can see the welcome message here. So we also need to be concrete over here which can uh make uh uh scenario a little bit better. So instead of the span we can simply pass that if uh uh I think we can use a div here and then we can use that not this pan but the p tag I think that would be good. So now you see welcome and then if we click on there it will automatically get that user for/profile page so that it can now we know that actually those things are working and it's really recarkably adapting on that. So what I'm going to do in especially for that uh app. So as

[13:31:03]
you can see in the app I'm going to create another let's say that should be the user parameter and then it going to be happen to be the user and then another route uh not route going to be a file let's say profile page tsx rce going to be user profile profile so should be profile page. Okay, it's save. You can see right now we can directly come back to the pop-up page. So means our application layer is actually working. Sign in form is working and sign in is working. That's good to go. So now if we directly go in the profile, we can try something different. So let's go in the profile. Uh in the profile what we are going to do, we're going to try to log out, right? So that could be really a good scenario or a good segmentation of how uh things can be done. But we we'll do it. we'll do it but right now as for no I think better if we can do it because it should uh uh

[13:32:03]
give a good uh credential to go on that. So I'm going to I'm going to use that. So let's say um I'm going to just add uh let's go in the pages. So that should be the O. So I'm going to keep it in the O pages. So let's say profile page.tsx or FCE because we need to provide that as a client side interactivity. So I'm going to just create it is in a client side. So profile page. Okay. So in the profile page that should be should need to be as a use client flag later on whatever we can indicate on there we will try our best to be indulging on that. So let's go button and that button should be log out and the button variant should not the variant uh okay not this one okay put a class

[13:33:00]
name padding should be let's go just keep it 10 to make it looks better and the variant should be uh destractive not default or destructive. Okay. So now in the log out button. So whenever we going to log out on that particular instances on there, it uh going to be uh making that uh a log out scenario over here. So first of all uh we need to be combining some sort of setup. So we're going to make that let's say uh con should be is loading uh set is loading. Set is loading. So note no need to grab those parameter. I'm going to just make simply this state. Okay. Now what we going to do in the battle if we have that login instances like uh if we have that is loading and others you see it going to be loading and then uh providing that value or or

[13:34:01]
you can say that login out. So instead of that okay we can simply pass in a span tag going to be let's say load two and here going to be login out right and dot dot dot okay it should be dot dot dot and we're going to just provide a class name uh animate respect Okay. So now right now it will show nothing there. You see it's already there. Also you just make upside down. Put a class name flex item center gap one. Okay. So login out button is working. Now I'm going to just keep it like that. So once we click on that uh instead of providing on that we're going to just simply make an log out function. So on click uh that should providing that let's say an handle logout button

[13:35:02]
property it should be uh providing on that. So I'm going to make that let's say handle log out okay so right now con handle log out that should be coming also an uh a synciness function here. So as sync and here we're going to make that set is loading or you can just simply make that try catch property first and also we can simply make that set loading should be true. Uh oops should be set this loading should be true and also the finally we not like that. Uh finally going to be set this loading as false and if we have the error we can just simply make that uh see the error here log out failed and also we can make that toast dot error that logout fail try again later. Okay. So now over here we're going to try on

[13:36:00]
that uh we're going to make that con response should be is equal to it should be await and then uh it going to directly make that API dot uh a post method. Yes. And in the post method we're going to make that for/ logout. And over here we're going to pass an empty parameter here. And now if that response uh dot success uh response dot success is going to coming from there we're going to make this simply a to uh we're going to simply make that uh logout user uh we can simply yeah we can simply make that uh to success log out successfully and then router okay we didn't we didn't grab the router here so router should be equal to use router from the next navigation and router dot

[13:37:01]
push going to be directly as home. Okay, we're going to keep it in the home. Right now if you go and click you see the login out is going to be coming at home. So uh okay uh as you can see we we we made that and log out as a home but still we are happen to grab uh because those are the property I think I need to remove some of the uh caching from here. Okay so make the cache removed. Okay. But still we are happen to grab it. Even we made that logout user. Did we grab ah okay we made the log out. You see we just simply it going to be passing that uh you know uh it is not actually logging out the user because we didn't provide that user property here. So we need to we need to explore that. So const we need to uh grab the object from the value from that let's say use uh user store. So we need to grab that

[13:38:01]
and from there we need to access that logout user right. So that's the value we need to access. So whenever we're going to hand the log out on that particular instances we need to reconfirm right. So if that we get the success we will make that also the logout user from our local storage. Right? So now if you go and click you see it's done. So right now if you go directly here if we uh try to use that our account and then if we try and you see we are here. If we try to log out it's log out. So right now our main purpose is that to go and create the sign up uh page here. So as you can see in the O we have that O directory here. We're going to have that another one should be sign up uh sign up and here page.tsx so rfce that should be sign up page. So here uh we're going to make

[13:39:00]
that another form should be let's say sign up prom.tsx rce. So that's the form going to be coming let's say sign up form. Okay. So now this going to be a combining it all together that we can should be able to grab to go and uh make things done in a pretty decent way. So in the o we can now would be able to create the sign up formulation and pretty much simple of the others like the way we create beforehand. So that one also going to be uh happen to be create uh grab the similar scenario. So if we go in our sign up page here. So I'm going to close others. So close others over here. I'm going to just em embed here. So this is the uh combination. Uh okay. What what's the matter? Okay. Let's let's just see. Uh I think yeah we need to I'm going to just combine it all together and just import

[13:40:02]
that sign up from uh okay I think we have extra div here. Okay so right now we are happen to be get the sign up register your email to access babyar and others. So right now we should be happen to get a class name and then uh padding should uh okay so this is going to be combining I remove one which should not be. So the first one itself it going to be the middle one. Remember the one which we did before. So that could be the middle one. But instead of making things pretty decent, I'm going to wrap it with another div here. And the div it going to be put a class name padding should be five and md padding should be let's say 10. So that the gap is right there. So we have the sign up register email to access babyar register your email to access babyar sign up from. Right. So now what we need to do we need to bring back all the functionality to be combined to create the sign up

[13:41:01]
functionality. Now in a signup component what we can do we can bring back all the setup the way which we started. So first of all we will grab something called the defining the structure the way we did for the sign in parameter so that it can go and align it all together. we can just simply get result and also we can get uh the data layer. So we're going to have that form data and others. So this is the combination. So the registration schema should be happen to be get the first name, last name, email, password, confirm password and also the role it could be by default going to be as an user and the terms accepted. So we're going to keep it as that you must agree to the privacy policy and terms of use and with the refined data if the confirmed password is there is not match should be that pursu did not match. So with the form data we're going to keep everything as the register scheme. So right now we need to configure also three other things that what it's going to be to create that uh state for the

[13:42:02]
loading and also we need to get the router just to routing back and also we need to grab our store from where we're going to get the register and other parameter and of course as we use that we need to provide that use client flag otherwise you know the error going to be persisting alongside with that. So first of all we're going to go and bring back our setup. Now what's how we did that beforehand that could be the similar parameter of that you see the sign in and sign up that could be almost the same thing is right there just happen to be you see the form just some additional formats which going to be added right so in that deep we uh we're going to just go and align some of the class name here which going to be a flex and also the item center justify center we're going to provide a weight of full then we're going to also provide that motion dot uh let's say motiond. So we need to get the motion at the top should be import

[13:43:00]
motion from frame motion. Now as we have the motion we also need to delt some of the properties for that particular motion instances which going to be the opacity going to be zero by default whenever it going to animate the opacity going to be one and also you're going to provide the y value as zero having to be having good transition and the class name with full padding x of four. Then now we need to provide our card especially over here. Then we're going to have that card contain directly as we not going to providing the title or others. Then we're going to happen to be get the form here which going to also be coming from the components. Then we're going to have a simple form property value and in that property value we're going to have a div and then we're going to create the from value. Right? So overall the first instances here that do from value should be align it all together. Okay. the form value is not created that's why it's not finding uh like it it doesn't know from where it going to just go and bring back there.

[13:44:01]
So what we can do we can initially pass a from value here. So after that register parameter we can just call that from value. So right now from value should be coming from that react hook form and also we're going to get that resolver bar from that hook form. Now over here what actually is resolving we are providing some of the default values within the dest schema property we're going to have the first name empty last name empty email empty password is empty confirm password empty ro as an user and trumps expected as true so now okay Trump's expected getting to the Donald Trump parameter the terms and condition okay now we going to be making things in a predent way so let's just go for the class name over here it's going to be which going to be a full we're going to make that shadow should be none and border should be let's say border should be zero so no border available to be passing over there cut content is the same and for the form itself put a class name uh space y should be let's say

[13:45:02]
going to be as a six value and after that as the div persisting here we need to provide a from field so should be from field and in that particular form field we're going to need to provide that so as you know the how to build up the form field and how to extract those things here. So you have this idea right. So now in that uh parameter here I'm going to make a little bit smaller so that it can uh really be aligned all together. Okay. So now we need to get grab that from item because every from field going to be happen to be get the from item getting the from label and also going to be have to be the from control and then going to get the input value property and also the from message. And you can see the first name is right here. Now what's actually we're doing here in that particular form field we are providing the form control that name tag is very very important because according to that name t name it going to get the value. The name is the first

[13:46:00]
name and the render property going to we're rendering it from item and in the item we're providing the label as the first name and then the from control we're providing the input value. You see how it's going to be coming on focus. So that's what we are extracting over there. Then we have this input value for the placeholder as the first name disable going to be whenever is loading is true it should be disabled and the class name border grade 300 just simple classes and then we spreading all other field and if we're having to get the error we're going to provide the error right here in that from messages right so this going to happen to get two separate from field here so that should be another one and this from field going to be containing the last name because this going to be a side by side so As you can see the first name and last name just going to be side by side. So the same parameter just providing the last name value. So we're going to go over here at the div itself where actually the things going to be happen to be there. So we're going to provide a class name going to be flex flex column by default and this screen should be flex

[13:47:01]
row and we're going to provide a gap of four. Okay. So this is the entire uh contradiction which we are providing. So this now combining our first argument over here the first name and the last name. Then now we need to provide that email and password properties. So what I'm going to do, I'm going to go and bring back all the form control properties so that uh it should have an idea what's actually we are building up right here. And of course we need to grab the link uh grab the link here from the next link. And now let's go also need to provide the checkbox from uh react UI uh notes like that should be checkbox. Okay, like that. Uh now if if you go at the top, so we're going to start from uh especially from the email, right? So this is the another form field here like as you can see here this looks good. So in the form item we're going to have it again the form level which is according to the email. Then over here happened to the getting the motion and the input

[13:48:01]
property your example.com the similar parameter the way we used to did in our login form type email disable is loading and spreading the field providing the form message the same way password and also providing the password and the same parameter and also the confirm password as you can see the password the same field attracted on by and for the role is different because as you can see the role uh that should be disabled nobody can touch on there. Right? So we are making the role as a disabled parameter. So as you can see right now placeholder user type text disable. So there is no value is coming as a user and you see we are making it a cursor not allowed and also providing the disabled flag parameter. So now you can see it's disabled. So you can just user can see as in user he can register over here. Then for the field here the similar of that other one uh like the login we're getting the same as the check mark that these things can be done. So now as you

[13:49:01]
can see we're going to just simply go in you can just simply go directly in the uh login form uh login okay that should be uh y is okay sign in form I think so sign in form so you can directly uh grab that you can uh see over here the button which actually working right there. So you can also grab that particular button the same button it going to work also here if we just come here before the particular instances if we just pass that we need to grab that loader two icon we need to grab that let's say sign uh let's say it going to be passing that as register or you can see uh door open icon and then also we need we can provide that button from the components hit save as you can see that sign in So uh not the sign in it should be register. So let's say register register or uh instead of that

[13:50:01]
we can pass that user plus icon. Okay. So that could be also looks good. So for the loading instances whenever it going to loading instead of signing in we can just simply make that let's say uh creating account dot dot. Okay. So that's going to be for the loading circle. You can just simply uh check it there. So how it going to work on that? So that is the extracting value over here. And so that as you can see we already providing the all together parameter for the card content and after that we're going to have a cart footer value which going to say already have an account. Then you can directly go in sign in. If you click it will take you to the sign in. If you click it will take you to the sign up. So this is the way how we can combine it all together to make things better and individually align it all together. I know we're skipping a lot of things for fast forward movement because you're going to have this entire course. So

[13:51:00]
nothing to worry free of cost. No need to pay anything. You're going to get the entire code which we are uh copy pasting here, typing here, analyzing here. All the code you should you're going to have it in the repos. So you can directly grab it from there and whenever you're going to update the code especially on the ter going to come the it will be already there in the branch. So nothing to worry about it you're going to grab it. So first of all we need to go directly at the form value here. So this is our form at the top. So in the form what we need to do is that uh we will make an onsubmit parameter. So let's go to create that onsubmit. onsubmit and in the onsubmit value it should be from dot handle submit and over here we're going to just take a function which going to say as onsubmit right we need to create that function so I'm going to copy that I'm going to go at the top here and then let's say con on sub uh onsubmit function and uh that function it going

[13:52:00]
to be an asynchronous function okay so a synchronous function that's it which going to take a parameter as a data So whenever uh we're going to run that function, it will calculate the data over here. Then it going to start extracting the value. Of course, we're going to make that try catch parameter. And whenever it going to run set is loading should be as true. And also again we're going to create a finally parameter finally. So not like that finally. So in the finally set is loading should be as false. So that this going to be extracting the value. And if we're getting that error so let's say it should be the console.register error and also you're going to provide a toast message need to import the toast from the serer registration fail please try again. So that's the message which it will combine for us. Now we need to combine we need to create some of the separation like that uh combine first name and last name into full name for registration right. So that should be

[13:53:01]
register data. So it should be register data function and over here we're going to combine that first of all we're going to combine the name and we're going to use the back tick and on the back tick value we're going to combine that data do first name and then data dot last name over there and email password and the role are okay not like that till the role we're going to keep it. So in the register data we are just providing two separate value get the name which going to be first name and last name going to be concrete together using any space then email and also the password then the role because confirm password is not required. Now after that what we going to do a wait we're going to register over there and then we're going to pass the entire register data and uh we can just graph the value if you wanted to similar way you know satoso success and also router.push push where we're pushing for the o sign in. So this is how we're going to combine it all together to provide a very very solid and gradual value over here. Again

[13:54:01]
ignore those things is because coming from the do modules and others but your uh your variation it will not surplus on that. So right now what we need to do is that we will try to create to create an user right. So let's say uh YouTube and here going to be user. So let's say YouTube at uh we're going to provide that as gmail.com. So it will be uh YouTube atgmail.com. Then we're going to provide a password. So let's just provide a password and that's it. Click on register. Creating the account so that we can make sure. Okay. As you can see register successful. Please sign in. So our YouTube uh user is getting to be done on that. If I just trying to sign in right now as you can see we have the user and that's just coming from the local host problem but because uh there should be showing that why letter could be coming in a very good way. So right now as you

[13:55:00]
can see we are happen to be get the registration form we happen to be get that sign in form. So our authentication parameter is perfectly working and now as you can see we are providing the gradual value. We can now go start valuing that add to cardart functionality right button click it should not be like that. So if we go to create that add toart button in the client here we can now provide the data instances how and why we are going to extract the data value. So right now we have the product and others. So now we can also extract the value we need to provide to create that uh to uh get that for uh like for use value. Uh okay. Uh get user card y is coming from uh use card value that's we need to check. Uh okay because we need to provide some of the hooks by which we can use that use card property.

[13:56:00]
So right now as we are happen to be getting the components in the hooks we will get a separate hooks which are going to be grab the property value over here. Okay. uh from store type decoration. So uh we can uh directly get let's see uh store no where is our where we are heading our store because we keep the store in the li yeah that's we can say so in the li then for/tore okay so now that could be a card state uh is the card state is right there no it's not getting from there so you can simply okay I I think uh leave store tell store. Yeah, that uh okay that's that's not uh it should not align in that way. Let's see what's happening. I think it was my bad. Uh it it should not be in that way because uh remember we

[13:57:00]
have a uh card for because I make an in a very wrong a wrong calculation over here. I was copying from uh the application layer because we are we supposed to get that one as our client layer right because we have multiple layer and that is very very uh uh problematic to grab those things like that. So now also we're going to have that use router uh not from the router but from the navigation. Okay. So now we have two separate three separate value. We have the authenticated from the use user store. We have loading local loading set local loading. We have the router set router. So this old value is right here. Now what you going to do whenever you're going to handle app to card, we need to provide some of the variation. First of all, we need to provide any default parameter. So should be uh react dot going to be mouse event. So here we going to make that simply as that e dot prevent default. So default prevention going to be there. Then we're going to make that if uh we doesn't have

[13:58:00]
the authenticated value. If the user is not authenticated then we going to pass some message right. So if the user is not authenticated it going to get the toast that please sign in to add items to your card browser push or sign in. Then it going to return over there and then it going to make that set local loading as true. After that it going to get the try catch property value here. So should be try catch and also it going to be getting that finally parameter here. So in the finally set is local loading uh uh set local loading should be as false and for the catch property here we need to provide an error value so that a user can understand that the error is going on. So it should be add to cardart error error and the fail to add to cart please try again. Now over here whenever we're going to click on that we're going to use that await add to cart. So add to cart from the lib API and we're going to pass that our product. We're going to pass that a value of one. And then if we have uh

[13:59:00]
like added successfully, we want to pass a message here. Okay. What is saying? Uh product is not assignable. That should not be uh did you get the Okay, we didn't use card store. Okay, it should not be coming from there. Uh it need to be coming from our card store. So should be a con. And here it going to be is equal to use uh this top. Okay. So from there we're going to use that add to cart. Okay. Right now our add to cart it will not throw any error. So uh as you can see it's uh not providing that we need to provide the entire function as an a string as well. So now if everything okay we should be able to adding a product in the car. So let's go over here. If we add uh let's see uh okay you see the added uh to the curve so product is adding to the curve but uh the value uh need to be changing over here. So we

[14:00:01]
need to provide some of the loading instances that should be just a very simple parameter as you see that previous value should be aligning it all together just providing a loader whenever the local loading going to happen. So if you click here as you can see adding so that it going to be added to cur successfully and then you can see the description. So as you can see according to it we also need to be update our header where we are happen to be get our card icon we we we need to provide our each and individual value here to make it properly aligned so that it can really really make things uh better to be uh go and understandable. So to do that remember we we need to provide two particular value right here. So we need to also make that one as a use client flag. So use client we need to get our user car store and then also we need to provide our instead property value here. So now what we need to do as

[14:01:02]
is you can also modify that one like that way you can make mounting parameter if mount or not mount is because it can be uh problematic whenever we are using a server side property here to be get that uh any prevention like uh as you can see you can it can create any prevent any uh hydration mass by rendering card count on server. So these the things you can use that if you are looking forward to. So if not mounted we're going to provide it zero. If mounted we're going to provide our count. So how can we can grab the count should be cost uh total item should be is equal to card items with quantities and from there we're going to just simply grab the length. That's it. So this is the value is combining that number of uh unique uh unique uh uh products that should be instead of total quantity. Okay. So that's only the count we are going to have that right. So now

[14:02:01]
this is the total item. So href going to be there. Uh okay uh card icon it should be not user card should be user not order should be card and over here we need to provide that uh total counts. Okay. If the total counts let's say total items if total items is bigger than 99 9 then it going to be make the 9 and plus otherwise total items you can see is two. If we click another it going to be just adding two as the three. So this is the value property how we are going to working on that. So now it's working that's perfectly aligned. Now one of the important thing is that we need to fix that value ratio for the small menu. Right? We doesn't have any menu. So this is the menu which we need to combine it to grab the things done right to create the small screen menu what we need to do is to go back to our header which is now in the client source components header. Now over here as you can see we have that uh component scenario where we need to provide the

[14:03:00]
details and others. So there the one where the side where it going to go and popping through it and as you can see that the button over here which circulating all other parameters. So this is the button and other uh consolidation. So I'm going to keep it that orders icon, wish list icon, card icon. So even we're going to moving directly through a small screen as you can see we can see those value right. So now as those much value is going to be there this another button need to be appearing here to make things better and attractive. So how we can do that first of all to do that one we need to create a sidebar. So let's just go over here and I believe that should be within the header we're going to create another components which will be sidebar.tsx or fce. That should be our sidebar right. So let's go back to the header and over here we can keep that our sidebar and also like that should be sidebar from

[14:04:00]
the sidebar. So now as you can see we have sidebar and it looks better than the design which we have beforehand because there is the other menu to be appearing of course. So now we are actually happen to be in in in a better position and also you can do one more alignment if you are looking forward to you can see instead of flex center you can just make that flex end uh items end uh I think let's say BJ of that I think we can make it as a flex one. Yeah then it going to push that together to be getting a much more space. So what we can do to do that is uh either we can keep that one like to make that flex one you know so that it can be uh I think it will not get that proportion here. Yeah it will not get that proportion. So we can uh we can do that by keeping uh another div here and then we can make that flex one. We can see an item

[14:05:00]
center. And now uh let's say okay and we can make justify center to keep everything middle. But still uh those things is not uh legitimately getting the way it's supposed to be. Uh let's see. Wait full. No. Why? Uh anyway, I think I'm going to keep it the way it is right now because it's it's making uh the popping things a bit of a different way or uh as you can see we have that proportioning sidebar and others justify between and MD getting the justify stars or we can make that as justify between and let's say I want to see what actually happening. We have that. So now uh the all things going to working together. We have the sidebar. We have the logo. Right? So also if we get blue so we can see individual items. So

[14:06:00]
that's the sidebar taking a props. That's the value taking the prop. So I think we can instead of the flex one we can simply making that one as a grid value. As you can see we can make that one as a grid and grid calls of three. That's it. So that's also how you can combine it together. But I'm going to keep it as the way it it is right now so that it can make a room for that. So let's go directly in the sidebar. So in the sidebar what we're going to do is that uh we got we should be happen to get a button right. So it should be just a simple button and in the button we're going to put a menu icon from the lucid react. So that's the menu icon which we are talking about and on that menu icon we are going to get two separate state property. one should be coming from that let's say set is sidebar open and then set is sidebar open. So it going to be showing that when the sidebar going to open and how then we have the toggle sidebar which going to just make the sidebar toggle and true false. So as you can see once we click and once we click

[14:07:01]
it just go disappear on that. So that's the one which we're going to create and also whenever on click on the property should be toggle sidebar and for the div here put a class name MD should be hidden. So we don't want to see the menu uh especially in MD screen. Uh okay what's that uh use state we declare. So of course we need to provide entire segment as use client parameter. So use client. Okay. Now we're good to go. So now what we can do we can also make that left sidebar. So as it's opening from the left. So I think we can make that header left sidear.tsx or fce. So that's going to be our header left sidebar which going to properly align it together. So that should be let's say uh header left sidebar and that's left sidebar uh is open uh value should be it sidebar open and also in unclo property it going to providing

[14:08:01]
the variance how it can really make that one as unclo and variance. So on side we can make like that also we can make a a simple uh contradiction is that set is sidebar open should be as false. Okay that's it. So we are passing that two separate value directly over there. As you can see we have that left sidebar like the header left sidebar is already there but we are passing two separate value right and in the two value both are going to be as like is open going to be as the boolean value. It can be either true false but on close is going to be avoided means we are passing a function so that in both parameter can work together to pass the variation in a proper way. So we can also make that and react.fc to create that functional component parameter. So uh sorry should be fc so functional parameter and then we can simply pass that sidebar pops and over here we can simply grab that together that is open and on close

[14:09:01]
parameter. So that's two value going to be uh combining it all together. Now in the return parameter we can do so many things and of course first of all we will import that motion which we are going to use here. So from the motion we are going to recover it. Now what you going to do uh we are going to use that motion div here and in the motion div we're going to have another div then we're going to have a link from our next link then we are going to have our image. So let's say it going to be image from the next image and that's going to be combining on that the href should be for/ home and uh that source going to be passing that small logo. So that's the logo which we are talking about uh right now as you can see whenever we going to click that's the logo ready to deliver and then we have the quick links we have the other parameter we have login register button. So right now uh as you can see we once we logged in that could

[14:10:00]
be a different parameter also. Right now what we need to do is that we will combine a separate parameter here. Right? So what we going to say right now once we click as you can see that will coming if we click outside it will disappear. We're going to make the things to happen. Now what actually we did we make it fixed inside Y0 hide the screen left zero Z 50 with full and we are providing also a background color which is the baby shop black and I believe we have that a 50% opacity shadow excel and in the transformation which we are making that and transform value whenever is open translate X is zero if it's not open we are making minus translate X is full so means is that it's going to be totally inside of that parameter right and instead of uh like we have the transition transform is in out duration 300. So this is a certain setup of point how we are combining it all together. Then in that parameter over here we should be happen

[14:11:01]
like as you can see inside that one is have a little bit of glitch of the animation here which is pretty tiny but uh you can view it as much for and also we need to be happen to be get a reference here. So that reference should be let's say uh sidebar ref. So should be sidebar ref and is equal to use that we're going to make that outside click. Right now we doesn't have that. we need to create that functionality by which we can uh make that hook over here. So I'm going to go directly in our hooks. So did we create any hooks? Yeah. And in the index we're going to just pass that hooks called uh that use sidebar click. And what actually is doing here just pretty understanding on that whenever we click you see this is the property here the white screen showing the menu. If I click outside of the wide screen, you see it's also closing. The similar things when we click on the cut button that's the same thing which is actually doing those parameter. So right now

[14:12:01]
that's also uh okay use hydration I think uh that's not required right now. So now what actually we're doing we are making that use a sidebar sides outside click and here we are just taking a call back function over here in the white we're taking the reference which coming from the use ref and by default we are keeping it as null. Then we're we're keeping as an uses used effect parameter and uh we are making that function called handle click outside which are going to be taking a mouse event and if the reference current and also if the not reference current contains event target as like the value we're going to pass in that call back it just have a notation here if if I click within that parameter okay that should not be like that if I click within that parameter it will not close if I click outside of Right as you can see it going to recognize as a handle mouse down parameter of the handle click outside and on the document do listener also going to passing that handle click outside and that's the reference which going to passing directly over there. So

[14:13:01]
we can now uh get that directly from the hooks by which we can now utilize that one within our application layer and whenever we're going to passing that we also need to make that HTML uh div element. So that should be div element the type and then in that parameter we're going to pass that our on close function. So that's the function going to run. So whenever we're going to click outside it will directly go with that on close parameter. So that's the one which actually we're talking about right now as we are passing that. So let's say in that div itself so I think uh in the div where we are making some uh valuable animation here. So here we going to passing two separate circulation. one going to be a reference of that particular div instance uh instances. So if we click here uh okay there is a tiny bit of error uh which we are getting directly

[14:14:01]
that is annoying why uh on close okay I think the uh name of the function yeah that's the one which we mistake it's just going to be appearing on the on that I'm going to just remove that now as you can see we can see the view here and also if we click here you see the on close is just working perfectly as it is. Where's the error here? Let's see. Uh okay, image. Okay, no worries. We're going to pass in the value later on. So now we have those parameter because we make that minimum width of 72. So it's going to 72 into four. So that max width is 96 parameter like the maximum 96 value background is getting white and text getting black. We're going to providing Z index of 50 height screen border R and border R going to be orange. I think it's not right there. So border are let's say baby shop red I'm going to provide you can see there is a red structure on there flex flex column gap six and we're going to making everything as relative. So right now we're going to combine with other parameters. So this is the link and this

[14:15:01]
is the image in the image we're going to provide that the alter text should be a small uh let's say a small logo and also for the particularly for the class name here we're going to just make that width of eight. Okay. So that could be a very very conceptual things here. So put a class name over on the D. We're going to make it a flex item should be center justify should be between. We're going to make a border bottom and then padding B should be four and padding should be five. So overall it going to get the padding parameter. I think uh padding bottom is not required whenever we're going to providing the padding. Now for the link itself it's going to be put a class name flex items should be uh items should be end and also we're going to make that one as a gap of two as because after the logo you're going to have a pekk uh should be ready to deliver and that p going to contain the class name text should be base font should be medium so that's the one which we are

[14:16:02]
looking forward to so now this is the div is done over here After the div we're going to happen to be have another div then another dip parameter where we're going to be passing that quick uh links uh sections. So quick links section. So in that quick link section so we we we need to provide some of the data layer itself. So right now what we going to do we're going to provide an h3 which going to referring that quick links. Right. So now you can see the value is just popping through up. We're going to make everything flex flex column and we're going to make that justify as the between parameter and the flex one parameter it going to take padding x should be five and overflow should be hidden. So this is the combination value we are going to adapt over here. Now for that uh h3 tag we will make a little bit better. Text should be small text font should be semi bold text should be gray of let's say 600.

[14:17:00]
uh not like that should be gray of 600 and then after that we're going to make that everything as uppercase uh tracking should be wider. So find the same scenario which we are looking forward to to passing back here. Now after that H3 tag we going to be passing that uh sum of the parameter by which we can define our entire segment how it's going to be lookalike and what kind of links it going to popping up. I'm going to taking that star icon and by the way you can also render it from the database which going to coming up in our term repo and also you can make an array of data than passing here directly. So I'm not going to go with that much mamo jumbo here as you know we are trying to fix it just a very simplistic way so that it can be fine and easy and good to go. Now what actually we did uh of course before going further I'm going to also make that uh this one. So should okay I think uh what I'm typing okay I think the

[14:18:01]
class name uh that should be uh let's say it going to be providing that overflow y which going to be scroll and then uh or instead of scroll we can make it simply an auto flex should be one and padding right should be two so that's going to be combination over here now in the quick links we have a link for the home button you know whenever we click it will go to the home we have the shop button shop All then also you're going to have that new arrivals and under $50. So this the link which you're going to passing that you see the shop price range it going to be popping up. So everything going to be uh uh underlined in in a very very proper way. So now for that quick uh view link. So this is the H3 tag over here. So I think uh I'm going to also providing that let's say I'm going to make that one as so um I think I'm going to wrapping everything within another div here. So that should

[14:19:00]
be providing a very good sense. So we're going to make that uh class name over here and then uh space y should be three. So that will be a gap in between and margin bottom we're going to provide as six. Right? So now this is the action button for the quick action. So that's the done of the quick action parameter. And after the quick action we also going to have that another parameter which going to be passing that as called that uh let's say it going to be for that uh shopping range for the particular the shop by age parameter and in that shop by age you see the newborn we are providing that data for the newborn 0 to 6 months. We are providing that infant 6 to 12 months, toddler 1 to two years and then the baby uh and then for the kids for 2 years plus. So this is the one which are going to combining those parameter to this is just an static link setup. So you can either do it by yourself or you can make that things the way you are looking forward to. But now here we going to need to work in a very very

[14:20:01]
proper way. First of all, let's go back to in that proper mathematical situation is authenticated or other parameter which still we didn't call it. So we are going to directly go at the top. We need to get a two separate value. So that should be coming from there is authenticated or we're going to just simply grab that. We're going to passing that two separate value. One value going to be passing that uh from the use uh user store. We are going to use that authenticated parameter and then also you're going to use that O user log out user and in the log out it will automatically log out the user and then you're going to run that on close event. Now for that is authenticated right. So this is the value which we are going to make things done to be there. So now what's actually going to happen? So uh especially for that particular instances whenever the authentication going to be there. So right now uh whenever a user is authenticated and

[14:21:00]
also we're going to have to have that o user only then we're going to do something let's say you're going to have the dip and otherwise we also going to have another div. So if the user is not aligned right so that's we're going to passing another a simple combination of that uh access your account to view orders and wish list and now uh user right so this is the combination which as you can see access your account to view orders and wish list so that's the one which are passing the masses right there so we can just make that masses let's say text should be a small text and we can just simply make that null Hello. So access your account to be orders and wish list. But right now as we have the user right once the user is logged in we will let user to view so many parameter right. So what kind of parameters we are talking about if we just go directly pushing everything whatever we are going to let user to be focused on that. I'm going to let you

[14:22:01]
see I'm going to just get the icon right now. So the heart icon and also we can get the package icon. Then we're going to have to have that user circle and after. So right now what's actually uh as you can see what actually we are providing on that we are getting the welcome back the user we are providing the my profile my orders wish list and my card. So this is the same parameter in the my profile getting the user profile orders going to passing that uh user orders and every time you're going to click on that button here you can see the menu going to be closed. So that's what we are dealing about and talking about right now. So as you can see we have the orders, wish list, cart and others. So after that as we are happen to be providing that we also going to passing that help and support. So after the variation like after passing that parameter we also should have another uh like for happen to be passing that other data layer.

[14:23:01]
Let's see. Okay. So now uh over here okay we going to have that help and support. So help center shopping information and contact us. So this is the value for particularly in in that proper uh manner. Now after that we going to also happen to be provided a very very strategic data layer. So I'm going to just minimize that help and support. Okay. After passing that help and support. So after the data we should be happen to be passing that a fixed uh footer section right. So that's going to be a fixed footer section and we're going to pass a div then another div and we're going to pass that is authenticated user and an if user is there then we're going to have a div let's say going to be user otherwise going to have another div portion like if we have the user then okay fine the user going to be uh taking the value. If we doesn't have a user what we want we

[14:24:00]
will show a show separate to button here. So that button going to pass that let's say uh it will let user to directly go and coordinate over there. So right now uh as you can see uh I need to make that like in so far. So let's see what actually happen to be there. We have the my account login register right. So that's the one which we are talking about. So I think we can provide a margin bottom of two. So to provide or you can make it one I think two is good. So now as we have the user we are not needing that right and of course uh there are two button is there so uh I think we can pass a div and put a class name of that space y of three. So that's really going to be a cool parameter here. So right now uh no it's not providing uh the statement which okay I'm going to I'm going to removing that the way it is supposed to be as we need to provide some more parameter here. So let's go put a class and over here that

[14:25:01]
should be passing that padding y should be four so that going to be providing a room and then we're going to provide a border of t and then bj should be baby shop white. Okay so that that that's the entertaining parameter. now login and register button and we can just simply pass that let's say for this one margin top of four so that or I can put a two so that we can have that other view now uh if we have that authentic authenticated user so in that parameter we can simply pass a uh let's say another a div here no not a div I'm going to just simply pass the button right button in that button we're going to pass that log out So that's going to be containing over there as we now happen to be have the user we should be get the button. So in the button put for the uh I'm going to provide the let's say the variant variant should be outline and also uh we're going to make that a class name we're going to get a

[14:26:01]
full width and then padding wise should be let's say five okay providing or we can make that 5.5 just be clear and then after initially providing that text should be base font should be semib bold and now what we can do you can as you can See that's coming directly from uh our core and then whenever we're going to click on that should be handle logout functionality. So whenever we're going to click right now as you can see if we click uh our entire logout parameter going to happen. So right now we are logged out as you can see we are not used to be there as a logged in. So we can simply go with that YouTube our particular email and then we can loged in again. Right now we are happen to be that particular productivity and we got everything together. As you can see now it looks cool. You see we we we are almost going to finish the setup right we are very very good situation to go and make

[14:27:01]
things done in a pretty decent way. Now one is the most important thing is right now to bring back uh lots of productive pages which uh really can make our application cool and better. So let's go back in our uh main page here. And in the main page as you can see our uh search is is our search working our search is not working. So we're going to let our search bar to be finished and let it work so that it can be looking very nice and clean. So let's go directly in our header where we are happen to be get everything which is related to our search input. So this is the search input. So I'm going to close all other parameters. So right now as you can see we have all of these values previously just taking uh directly from there. So now we can now initialize those value to that work together and to make those things in a pretty clear and to make it pretty decent. So now first of all we can get the product types also we can uh get that USD bounce parameter. So let's get uh USD bounce. I think uh

[14:28:01]
uh we need to get that our use uh debounce hook or I think uh there's the package which we need to provide that. So if we just go here import and there we need to use uh the bounce. So yeah I think I think we need to grab that package. So let's say cd into client and pmi uh we need to grab that use bounce uh package right here otherwise we can't use. So once we are happen to grab that package we can now simply use that uh or or we can impose that directly here and then we need to also provide that user wrap from react and also that uh element uh interface here to grab the value. So right now we have that particular scenario to get uh and to make things done in a very decent way. First of all we have the set set search value here which is already working perfect. We have the debounce search to get providing a delay of 300 milliseconds.

[14:29:01]
Then we're going to set uh we we're going to going to get the products and we're going to set the products directly here. We're going to get the feature products. So what is the feature products? Feature products is the products directly showing here. So that's the product which we we are actually showing. Otherwise whenever you're going to searching like say baby, you can see the search going on. We can see the baby product. So that's how it's going to be entertaining over there. We have two set of product. One going to be for the features and other going to be the normal products. We're going to having the set loading uh loading and set loading value error set error value. We're going to have the show results and set show results. We have the search rep. We have also the mobile input ref. And after that first instances we need to get our uh let's say fetch. So that should be uh it is fetch uh feature products. So that should be an asynchronous function. So first of all we're going to make that a try catch value. So if there is the error on the console so we're going to simply make that uh console error error fetching a

[14:30:01]
feature orders and then we're going to providing that error. Now we're going to make that response and the response should be is equal to await. We're going to make that uh fetch data and in the fetch data it's the data going to be passing as that uh products response. Right now we doesn't have that entertaining parameter. So we need to define that at the top what kind of response or what kind of products going to be there. As you can see in the interface the products going to be coming as the product and also going to be passing as the total number. So these two value going to be passing that. So we can now simply pass that it could be passing with that product's response. So should be products response right and after that we need to provide that functionality by which we can simply go with that uh product. So should be products and then we're going to also make the page like whatever the page ratio is right now we don't want to make anything just simply a single page or I'm going to keep it as it is right now okay because by default it going to

[14:31:02]
provide a 10 uh like a certain kind of 10 parameter so no need to provide that value right and let's say set feature product should be response dot products right so whatever the response products you're getting that should be aligning it all together so right now we will provide an use effect parameter use effect and in the use effect we can now uh get the value here. So that should be an empty dependency. Now over here in the use effect we can just simply guess get that fetch feature products and uh that should be just passing that array dependency here. So right now what's the error here? Let's see uh the children not have changed pass in the same set. Okay, we will see. So right now we will just go try to check if we are receiving anything or not. So if we go and log over here especially for that feature product as you can see we getting the 10 products by default. So that's the 10 initialization which were happen to be done uh in a pretty decent way. So we

[14:32:01]
have the 10 product right now we can show the 10 product particularly whenever we are actually dealing with that. So I'm going to go directly over there. Now there should be a lot of other parameter. Now we're going to start from the beginning to make things done in a pretty decent way. First of all, we're going to get the ref and the and the ref should be passing that going to be passing that a search ref. That's the reference which we are going to combine. So we are going to happen to be the button and others. So after initial that before the from here uh we can make that let's say it's going to be passing that uh I think uh it going to be passing the desktop uh desktop uh search and in the desktop search we are going to have a button here uh I think yes we're going to provide the button so let's provide that so I think uh that's the one which actually uh okay juggle button okay so I think the both parameter we are already

[14:33:01]
happen to be have there right so toggle search menu uh because that's the that's not the desktop search that should be the small search yeah that should be the small search so uh text not white uh I think uh we can provide that the toggle search button here we can simply run the function because this button is already there also but we can't we can't be able to see here is because that is in white color. That is the one which is happen to be grabbing the problem. So I'm going to make that text should be uh baby shop black and also the similar parameter we're going to make that baby shop black and you can see there is the one. So that's the one which actually happen to be providing the data layer which we mismatch. Now we can also provide a border over here to make that looks good and padding of two and then we can make that rounded full so that you can see this is the one which we are looking

[14:34:01]
forward to right so if we hover we're going to provide a border of that baby shop sky and whenever hover bj should be baby shop sky with a 10% opacity we're going to provide uber effect over here so now this is the combination layer of that particular data instances right now as you can see. Okay, cool. You can see I think this is pretty cool. So now also we can instead of p putting that right there we can make it as a group. So whenever we going to uh hover on that group that things going to work and also for whenever we going to make that group hover you know those things going to change. So now we have that. So now now it's combined. So it's also right here is there but it's because of that uh color combination you can see but it is there. So now we have this one for this is not for desktop view. This is for the small screen right small screen search.

[14:35:01]
So now we got this small screen search which are going to be passing that as a toggle value. And in the form value also we are making that onsubmit. We can just go with that onsubmit parameter on uh submit. And in the onsa bit value we can just pass a simple E value here. E dot we're going to make the simply as the default value. We don't want to initialize any default parameter. So right now as you can see everything is good to go. So right now what you need to do whenever our this going to be activated right if you click outside this gone. So whenever it's activated I want that menu to be appearing right here. So uh we have that our parameter of the search value. So okay good. So after that uh after that functional parameter we're going to have that mobile search uh SC search overlay. So that should be the one value and there should be the another value which going to be desktop search right. So that should be desktop

[14:36:02]
uh search results drop-down. Okay. So first we're going to create the desktop uh menu property. So if we have that show results and and we we doesn't have that set uh show search so that we we can now show the proper value of that instances we're going to have a div if there is a loading parameter going on we're going to show that loading icon so mean so mean uh we are going to provide that if the loading is there that should be uh like the loading icon going to indicating that it is loading you need to wait if there is no loading and if there is the products length is uh bigger than zero then we're going to have to let's say it going to have to say that we have the products and if it's like uh we doesn't have any products right now so that time also we need to provide a certain kind of scenario by which it going to be look alike and going to be match something in a better way so first thing first I'm

[14:37:02]
going to just uh if there is no product right now I'm going to go with uh this parameter on that and I'm going to just showcase that we doesn't have any product. So if we click right now nothing happened like if we search for something like say baby you can see nothing going to happen yet because we are not yet uh rewriting those functionality and others. So first of all right now as you can see after the div I want to show the feature data right so I'm going to I'm going to click any another div here. So I'm going to make that feature products dot uh I'm going to provide a length if we have the length is bigger than zero and and I'm going to showcase the product. So that should be feature products dot map and in the map we are going to get that let's say the item item should be according to the product here. So I'm going to inline return over there from the div it should be passing a button here. In the button we're going to provide a search icon. Let's say the search and after the search icon going

[14:38:00]
to have a div here. And then uh I think no need to provide a div. I think just provide an h3 text here which going to passing that item dot name. And over here as we are mapping to it we're going to provide a key should be item do ID. So right now as you can see still the menu is not showing it's because whenever we our underlining parameter like uh show results and other parameter is not indicating when the show show results going to happen right so this is the combination where we can we need to make things pretty decent right so I'm going to bring back uh to you so that you can understand in a pretty decent way so we're going to make that a use effect parameter right so it should be coming within in use effect as uh as that watcher going to rerun time to time just to check. So now here we're going to make that cost uh con handle uh click click outside. So not like that should

[14:39:00]
be handle clicked uh click outside. So in that proportion here it going to passing that as an event. Event should be let's say going to be coming as a mouse event. And after that after passing that event we're going to make that if uh especially uh by uh make the legitimate saying if the search ref uh if the search ref dot current is there and and if the like if we can have that no search ref okay search uh search dot uh current dot contains and if the contains going to be passing that let's say event dot target and that could as note and then we we're going to make that as a set show search as fuly value here and after that we're going to also like calling that two separate variable here just to call an interlin over there to get the function trigger together. So right now what it going to

[14:40:00]
happen so whenever we going to make that going to happen to be get that mouse down effect whenever you're going to click outside of that particular scenario and then it going to pass like that. Now if we click here as you can see still we are not getting anything because still it's not there. So we need to provide the reference such a way so that it can be providing on that particular instances and also we need to provide another use fact by which we can focus on that particular ratio. As you can see set new search and the mobile input value here the current the mobile input. So that's the for the particularly for the mobile input value right now but we need to go and initialize our first uh parameter of how we can show the search value. So now to implement that one let's go over here we have the search right and then also we have the toggle search value. So which are actually getting everything done in a very decent way but over here in the input we need to also run another onfocus parameter. So on focus in that

[14:41:01]
unfocus function it's going to be running set show results which we need to make it as true. So that the value going to be whenever as you can see whenever you're going to clicking on that you see the way it's showcasing the result of course it's breaking because it's not providing in such such a way which need to be combined in a pretty decent way. Now uh for the entire result which actually we are showcasing I'm going to coming directly back from the div here I'm going to provide some of the style over here so that that's going to be combining the proportion of the absolute top full margin top of one left zero right zero bg white rounded MD shadow LG index of 50 max height should be maximum 70 view height overflow white should be auto border border grade 200 LG block And also by default it going to be hidden. For the small screen it going to be hidden and edgy screen it going to be block. So I'm going to just bring

[14:42:01]
back over here so that it could be easy to read. So right now if you click as you can see it's popping on the side ratio right and for the value here for the featured products right. So first we are actually fixing that feature product. So that's the div which we are talking about for the feature itself. So right now as we have the div right. So we can also combine to make things done. So this is the one which uh actually mapping to the product itself. So we are providing every product has a border segment and after that also for the button here. So the button we're going to make that flex item should be center. So going to be a side by side and then gap should be three together and uh text should be let's say left and padding x should be uh four and padding y should be three. So now you can see that's providing a very good competitive combination here the similar and this looks pretty nice and after that padding Y3 and hover should be cursor pointer

[14:43:00]
and we're going to make that as a hover I don't need to also putting that for the search value here we're going to make that let's say class name a text should text should be uh baby shop let's say I'm going to provide the light text is it good yeah it looks good and also you're going to provide a width of five height of uh height height of five. So, okay, cool. Now, after that, H3 tag put a class name. Text should be ASM. Font should be let's say medium and text should be gray of 800 to provide a very good catchy text and line claim should be one. I think that one instead of that u maybe show black with 60% opacity. Yeah, that looks good. So now once we click you can see that value going to be directly redirecting to the search value, right? So we need to also implement that those particular segments. So what I'm going to do so whenever we going to make that on click event here. So on click uh on click event and over the on click event it going to preferably align of that let's

[14:44:00]
say set search. So whatever the item dot name it should be there. It could be provided set search and set show result going to be true as because whenever we going to click as you can see uh the delta children are okay there's no results. So means nothing find over there of that. It's okay because we didn't implement the search feature yet. So right now as you can see so as we are happen to be providing that data layer also we're going to provide that on we are happen to be grab the products right we can just simply pass the value. So in the products uh it going to be little bit complic uh complicated but I'm going to explain to you so that you can find uh all the scenario in a pretty decent way. So now this is the whenever we are going to have the products.length is bigger than zero then we're going to providing the search results and then if error there is the we are throwing the error right there and then we're mapping to the products and in the products as you can see we're providing the key of an ID then providing just and border proportion then we are also we are just

[14:45:01]
creating that design. So as you can see that's the design which we create. So if we click on baby. So now this is the design. We have the image name, price and the company name. Then also add toart and add toart button going to be the similar button parameter of the parameter which we have already. Right now over here the same things which we did we are having to be get the div. And if we click on the image it going to be taken directly to uh the uh the single page image or we can just simply pass that. Let's say we're going to provide a uh not like that as we are getting that. So we're going to provide a width of let's say 32 not 32 it should be let's say 200 and we're going to get height of 200. I think that would be good. So then image then we're providing the product of name and after the name we are also providing the product price itself and then we are getting the category name and also getting the brand name. So that's what's

[14:46:00]
actually you can see over here. So this is the combination here category and brand name. So right now as you can see nothing happening once we are actually uh like providing that uh property of that let's say uh we doesn't have any function which going to properly align to get the product like fetch the products right so how we can combine of that so to implement that one uh especially to get the fetch product we need to go through certain kind of commotion here so after that feature product here we can just uh simply grab a function uh const should be let's say fetch uh products which also going to be the query going to be passing as an instead of query we can also make that let's say search ter drum so you're going to pass the search ter drum which going to be as a string so right now we will provide a little bit of combination but we're going to say if there is no search term right uh if there is no search uh term so the term is not there do the trim

[14:47:02]
like we have no value here then what we can do if we doesn't have a search we're going to make that set products should be empty and then we're going to return. So means if we are not providing any search string then it will do nothing right now if we have that search parameter right then we're going to make that set loading should be as a true and then also set error we're going to provide an error property as null and after that we're going to provide that try catch parameter and in the catch parameter it should be also passing a finally parameter in the finally we're going to make the set loading as falsy value right so now what's actually going to happen if we have that any error here. So we're going to provide the set error which going to be passing that fail to fetch products please try again and also we can make that let's say uh console dot error. So the error fetching product we can now finally passing the product. Now let's say we're going to provide to console response and that

[14:48:00]
should be await going to be passing that fetch data. So in the fetch data it will getting directly of that product response here and after the product response we're going to use the back tick parameter to grab that uh attention should be products and in the product should be page equal to one and I think we can also use the similar paradigm info of using that one here you see page one so that could be and we can also set the limit but right now I think only the single page because by default it going to finally providing the 10 data So even we are encompassing uh you can see okay what's was actually popular data I think anyway we can see okay it's not okay it's calling anyway I'm going to keep it like that let's see if we we need to pass anything later on so that the page should be is equal to one and and then we're going to passing that uh limit so the limit itself here

[14:49:01]
it's going to be passing is equal to let's say it going to be as a 10 and then we're going to also pass the search value. So the search value should be is equal to the value which we are going to combine and then uh we're going to make that encodes URI uh component uh okay and then here we're going to pass that search term right so whatever the search term is pro we provided that should be align that together and the set product should be passing that response dot products so right now as you see everything is looks good but it's not yet done we need to provide that use effect parameter and in the use effect parameter over here. Okay, I think we made a mistake. So in the use effect parameter we need to make that fetch products. So uh fetch not fetch data should be uh fetch product fetch products. In the fetch products uh we uh we're going to just simply call or invoke that function and

[14:50:01]
then here we're going to pass that our debound search right. So the debound search value should be aligning it here. So as you can see we have the debounce search right. So what actually we're providing the search value and we are passing that of the delay of 300 millisecond. So this is the debound search which going to talking and indirectly calling everything. So let's say it going to be debound search and also it going to be fetching the uh fetch the products in directly. So now we are happen to be get two separate calculation here. Now if we type baby as you can see the searching value. So it's working right. There is a minor error. We're going to fix it. What's the error is here? Uh we need to maximum update depth exceeded. So that could be happen because we are calling the function over here. That should not be a good practice to do so. But let's see. So baby. Okay. Yeah. Now we get the baby. And if we click, we can now see that product added. If we click any of the product

[14:51:01]
which is not there, you can see how those things implemented, right? And also let's say we're going to make that uh huggies. Okay, cool. So now our search value is working. And also if we go in the smaller screen, if you click here, uh right now in this smaller screen is nothing going to be seen right now. But we will make things done. I'm going to just go and pass that value uh in a very very incremental way. So this is the desktop uh property and here should be passing that uh property of that the value here. Okay, I'm going to I'm going to provide you the data layer animate presence. We also need to get the motion. Okay. Uh motion should be okay. Why the zone is imported and also why those things imported. So animate presence and then also going to be getting the motion. Okay. Right now we're going to check what actually we have been done. If you click here, as you can see this is the implementation here which are really going to be cool.

[14:52:01]
So I'm going to from the top I'm going to make it as 20. So that as you can see right now uh okay 20 or uh I think if we make zero at the top or uh let's say 24 at the top yeah now it looks good. So 24 is the one if we go directly there this is also searching properly. Now here what's actually happened to be there we are providing an animate presence here to provide a very good animation here. As you can see once we click how the way it disappearing is because happen to be providing because of animate presence. Now if you just see here we're providing a motion here we're providing the initial value for the opacity zero and Y20 animate is one opacity 1 Y0 providing an exit value going to opacity of zero that going to directly on the 20 and then transition 0.2 two providing a fixed value by default LG devices is hidden because right now even you click here and if we just move to devices you

[14:53:00]
can see it's automatically uh disappear so that's that's what's actually it's going to be uh done uh directly here so right now after that we also providing a background color here for the input value that's a similar input value we are directly taking that you see the search parameter the same we're providing the show results just in a small a smaller viewpoint nothing fancy all Our parameter is the same. So we can just simply grab that image from the next image. And also we're going to provide our next image. We can provide the height of let's say 200 by 200. And let's say we're going to also provide the width of 200. So that's it. Now as you can see everything is good to go and it's working properly. If we type something which is doesn't available here you can see. Okay. So this is a pretty cool value here. Right now uh we are making a pretty good good progress here. So we have those things. Of course there should be some more property here at the top. I'm going to go in that uh header top or you can say the top top

[14:54:02]
header in the top header uh on that uh I think the top header top center. Uh okay. I'm going to add another data layer which going to be let's say shop now which going to be passing that our shop page. It's because as if we directly go in our shop page right now we have no other way to provide to go in the shop page. So if you go in the shop page you can see there is a lot of things we have all the filter showcasing the products and others. So everything going to be combining from here. As you can see once we loading the next page is loading. So everything going to be coming back directly from that shop page. So right now what we need to do to create our shop page to begin with to implement those designs. We didn't create any shop page that's why it's coming here with the 404 error. So what you need to do first of all is to create the shop page. So I'm going to

[14:55:01]
create another file which going to name as a shop for/paste.tsx. TSX or FCE. So that will be our shop page. So now let's put a P tag should be shop page and after we are passing that if we just hit reload right now it should be render our shop page accordingly. Now first of all we need to understand the structure because this page is very much complicated and lot of things going to come here together as far as if you see in the demo as you can see it going to held up with the category segment and others. You can see how you can receive here how you can go through all of that. So this uh setup we need to create by so far alongside with that we need to call the data we need to also make the filterable data structure especially if you go in the homepage and right now if you select any brand as you can see the brand is selected and the product is f itself. So we will do all of this together. First of all, we need to start uh like standardizing it uh slowly

[14:56:01]
slowly so that we can we'll understand it better. So first thing first, we need to create that one as an asynchronous server. Uh so the page should be an async aait should be the server one. So I'm going to go with the brands to get the brands right here because we need to have the brand data. So should be await let's say fage data and on the fage data we need to pass directly here as our brand. So should be our brand and should be an array of brand and then passing that for/brand and also we need to pass that list categories. So category should be is equal to and we're going to pass that it it's just going to be a similar component uh similar functional setup to bring back the categories accordingly. As you can see it should be coming for the category segment here and also we're going to pass that the category response here. So should be uh not like that should be response response uh where is the category okay we need to

[14:57:00]
align we need to define the interface so should be interface and that should be the category reference and that will come as a category now you can do the single side way you can also directly call the category like that so I went to I went a bit further just to show you how you can divide that you can either call it await and a synchronous function or you can also go with that you know the similar setup you can fetch the category and then you're going to pass it through. So what I'm going to do I'm going to lock through over here. So first log should be let's say it going to be passing as brands then we're going to lock through the categories. If we save and as it's till now the server side we should be able to see the data in server. As you can see we have the categories as well as if you go back at the top uh first we're going to see the brand. The best thing is to show it uh I think it will be probably in the server side in the client side rendering using this layer here. So now as you can see we have the category of 17 we have the

[14:58:00]
brand of 11. So all the data is f in the server side. So whenever the page is loading you know that build is done. So right now I'm going to save it here and then what we're going to do we're going to create a separate page which going to uh interface our uh projectory to create a client side presentation. So let's go in the components and also in the pages. Did we have the pages? No, we doesn't have the pages. We have the home. We have others. So I'm going to create another directory called pages. And over here that should be a shop. And then I'm going to create a component should be shop page. uh shop page client.tsx. So that would be our client page. So let's hit a b client page. Now let's go back here. Instead of uh just passing everything directly here, what we need to do is that either you can put in a div or you can just simply drag in that which going to be shop page and uh shop page client

[14:59:01]
and that's it. So now we have the client page as you can see this is right here. Now we will manipulate that page in a very decent way. First of all we will send that let's say first we're going to send the categories then we're going to send the brands. So the both data we're going to passing as a props. Now there is a catch you can see we fetch that data as the server side. So this data because that data it will always be there always I'm going to see the category. I no need to just call every time the data I'm going to calling it and at the same time then I'm going to just fetching it and setting it passing it as a path. So my data is just fing at a single time and everything uh sit on the place at the same time. So now as we have the categories data and others this is our time to build up our very very special page which will be our client site page for our particular shop client. Now this page you're going to have a separate interfaces. I'm going to pop it up. So that should be coming for

[15:00:00]
the product response which going to bring back our product that also going to bring back our category which we are just fetching directly right now. So these two setup of data it going to coming through. Now if you can see here we can pass simply passing the props we can fetch the categories we can fetch the brands together as is coming as by so far as props. And now there is another parameter because remember once we did that especially as you can see we passed the shop brand then we are passing the brand ID if you change again we are just fetching especially for making the brand ID and doing that in a separate brand parameter you can change now there is a tax for it whenever I'm changing the brand try to change that okay so you need to reload the uh route with a new value that's that's your practice if you can do it you are welcome if you cannot do it. Let me know in the comments. And if you're still with me building that baby shop website, you're welcome. You are really really I'm really really thankful for you

[15:01:01]
people because you people doing a marvelous job. Even I'm taking a lot of time to building that you know it's a very very lengthy project. What I'm going to do is that I'm going to provide the entire source code in a single repo is still now in the repo because this one I think you'll be find client part three. So the repo is already there but I'm going to merge everything in a single repo. I'm going to march entire video in a single a single video. Maybe it will take time but I'm going to come with an upto-date versions. And by the way there is one more thing is that which is a shop pro is already in live and so many people you got it you people are building it. Thank you very much for using it and it will be appreciated if you go with the upgrade to premium if you're looking forward to you can support the channel. Oh, already three people brought it. You can support it if you're looking forward to you know that going to be uh boost my morale. So uh to make more of a video and projects for you people which I can provide that free and this one also pretty much so many

[15:02:00]
things is going to be free and the shop the baby shop the entire thing is going to be free. It going to be stacking in the repo slowly slowly. Let's hit on the so now as we are building entire thing also we need to get our search params. So we're going to bring that as a search params p a r a m s and the param should be coming use search params. So that should be coming from the next navigation. And now let's say what's going to be coming in the search param. There should be several things which going to coming from the search params. So whenever we are rendering the search params we're going to get the category. I'm going to first bring the UG stage hook and remember whenever we're going to using the hook especially in the nextjs remember by default we are using the server side configuration and we are no longer using that server side so we need to bring back our use client flag and in next 13 uh next 16.0 I know there is uh a like uh you can just check in that next configuration there you can

[15:03:01]
utilize that cache cache content you know um the cache component which you're going to implement later we're going to upgrade that entire project in the latest so maybe this will be the last build for the client then we're going to finish our app after that we're going to like uh upgrade the entire version in the latest version then we're going to merge it all together I know it's a long build but it will be provide you much more credential to go on. So now here we have the category and set category. So the category we can just if there is category coming from the search param we're going to passing that as the category otherwise empty. Similar for the brand similar for the search if we are searching something that's is okay going to get from the search param otherwise it's going to be empty. So now after that after that initial parameter there could be some more of those data. Of course, you should take your time to uh like write down. I'm going to make a little bit bigger so that you can see it properly. I think that much. Okay. Okay. So, now we have another uh value here

[15:04:01]
which going to bring back our products. We are getting the set products passing that product type. We have loading set loading. We have loading more parameter because you know by default you're going to load the 10 products. Then if we load many it going to be loading more to provide you that actual data in a very very decent way. Then we have also newly loaded item and sets newly loaded item uh products which going to be like we have the first page then the second page and the design parameter is that if we receive the entire thing here right now if I load more products so it going to attach that product and then it going to okay I think some of the caching problem maybe if we just load some more product what's happening I'm going to reload that if we are having any problem okay as you can see oh I will I will disable the app from here yeah it's coming but is disappearing as you can see. This is right here. And there's a lot of problem with the caching right now. Okay. Anyway, we're going to fix that too. And then also we're going to passing the total set total and also the price range. We are putting on the price

[15:05:00]
range. We are putting the set order. Either it could be ascending or descending. Then we're going to have the current page. Set current page. We have the invalid category. Set invalid category when the category is invalidated. Also, we have the filter open. Set is filter open. We have the product per page at 10. So now this is the category or criteria by which we're going to go and fetch every single data. Now we are going to be first of all we will create an use effect. We're going to have two separate use effect for particular instances to be running over here. The first instances which going to be coming we're going to go to the category segment right because whenever we are fetching a category model it going to be from there. So it's going to be let's say const uh category from URL and that should be coming from the search params from our category. So should be search params search params dot and we're going to get we're going to get it as category. Okay. So that would be a category from URL. So that's

[15:06:01]
the one value and then we if we have the category from URL uh sorry not like that should be a category from URL from URL after that what we going to do if we have that we're going to do something if it doesn't have that we will not use the fallback value right now if we have like okay I think I mismanipulate the name here okay so if we have the uh okay what is that uh should be category not contain category. I hate this autoimp importing I need to disable I forget next time I I will I will make it correct. So now uh we will make that if the category that if the category from URL is there so should be con category exists means even you are coming with a like uh whenever we are we are coming with a different category like this category is not available right so we have that additional value here so I believe we

[15:07:01]
can find a category shop by let's say sleepware then we have the category uh this is search value not the category value so Let's say uh okay shop by age so uh shop okay I think uh how can I find a simple category which it doesn't initialize a value uh okay if you see the travel smart see category travel not found showing all products instead so that's the important value should be resilient whenever uh it doesn't have the category so now if we have the category exist should be is equal to let's say categories dot sum we're going to find or or or can make the sum. So should be the category and the category should be passing of that cat do id and that id should be is equal to category from URL. So category from category from URL. So that should be the existing uh category. Now uh okay should be dot okay category from

[15:08:03]
URL that could be existed over here. Okay. So now what's we going to do? If we have that uh if we doesn't have that existed category, right? So means the category is uh or you can say if it doesn't have the category uh category exist. So the one which we are passing over here okay we doesn't have that category exist. Then we're going to passing the value and I think it's also mismanipulation the naming here. So if we doesn't have the categories, this is really annoying. Oh, I can disable. Please uh pass the uh your valuable information in the comments. I really want to disable that one. So should be con uh category. Category name should be is equal to categories.find. So we're going to go with the fine value and from the find value again we're going to get the cats value and from

[15:09:00]
there and from the category value we're going to make that uh let's say cat dot name dot to lowerase and that lower case should be is equal to let's say should be coming for that category from a category from URL should be category from URL dot to lower Okay. So that would be uh like category from URL. Category from URL should be as such. Now this is if category exist then if going to work and then we're going to also make that if there is the category uh category by name is there then we're going to make some actions which going to be set category which going to be uh passing from that category from URL. So category from URL. So that's uh really uh what's c a t e g o r y category from URL. Why is the

[15:10:01]
name is not matching every time I'm typing. So if a category is match okay that's fine. If it doesn't match what I'm going to make that set invalid category and that should be coming from category URL. Set category should be passing an empty. So this is the matter once we are not passing any valid category we are passing that that invalid category should be that category from URL and that's where we can pass the message category travel not found showing all products instance so that's just maintaining that instances and for this use effect we're going to have to be passing the search params we're going to have to be passing that categories all together for that dependencies now after that we're going to also make that a function which going to be let's say fetch products. Okay. And that function we're going to wrap it using that use call back hook so that it will be maintaining a very very proper scenario. So it will be an asynchronous function. So the load more the value over here load more

[15:11:01]
should be is equal to false. Okay. uh should be as false and after passing that scenario so the load more is equal to false and after that pass that value. Okay. So now this will be a call back statement and of course as we're passing the call back statement we should be also having a fallback directory. Now what kind of things we going to passing over there. So first of all as you can see we will get the product going to be passing a several scenario and statement. First of all we're going to pass that if there is load more product set load more loading should be true and also the else set uh uh okay if there is load more product set more loading should be true. If is uh no load more uh okay I think we will uh okay set okay where I'm going okay if there is uh okay set loading should be true and then we're going to make that a try

[15:12:01]
catch formula here to bring back our product to in the catch value of course we're going to just simply pass the error here so that you can understand it better. So if we have any problem with the cache value going to pass that console log fail to fetch products error set total should be zero because the count total is representing here if you can see the 10 of 25 products because we have the pination so that really matters especially for total count which we are passing from our API especially if you go right here if you go in the local host 8000 so let's say localhost 8000 for/ API for/roucts and over here after the products You can see we are providing the actual count so that the data can be populated by so and then what we can do is that especially after catch we can make a finally call. So in the finally what we're going to do we're going to make set loading should be false and set loading more also should be falsy value. Now this is the time by which we can grab the scenario and make

[15:13:01]
things done. First of all we need to create a params methods because lot of things can call over there. As you can see the params gonna can get that news uh that news URL search params if category there we will add the category if the brand is there we're going to append the brands with the params that if the search value is there we're going to append the search also the price range because uh we have the price range filter here you can see all prices or we can go value with the 2250 you know the all price range data which we can showing we can show right here and then we have the page current page twist string we have the limit how many products we want to go by and that's actually basically representing the products per page data and then uh that's as you can see it's right here we have the sort order so now all the params is ready right the paramsy done so now we need to make a response so response should be is equal to we can make that should be let's say product uh not like that should be products

[15:14:01]
response and in the product response should be coming is equal to await and then we're going to Call that let's say fetch data. On the fetch data we're going to call a simple scenario right in the fetch data we are going to calling that for/ products and know we're going to go with the back tick parameter. So should be coming with a back tick uh like that like that back tick and for/ products and after the products what we're going to do we also need to pass our entire params statement. So it should be coming params dot to string. We need to make it a string otherwise the value it will not come and then as you can see we're going to just simply see we're going to log through the data here how the data going to coming so I'm going to log over here so I'm going to log on that let's say response rest should be coming the response now okay should come should be coming here so let's go there and for the first instances if okay it's still

[15:15:01]
it going to not work because we didn't call it right So what we need to do especially for that instances we will pass the category uh uh we will pass the category. So the category and then we're going to pass the brand search price r set order uh current page or I think instead of current page we're going to just pass that products per page and also we need to pass the current page. So whenever those data is changing it going to call. Now this page that fetch products function didn't call anywhere. So how we can call the product right? So let's say use effect and here we're going to call our uh simple notation by which it going to go and bring the fetch products should be coming the fetch products and the fetch products going to be declining on functions and fetch products going to call uh I'm going to just keep it for the first instances you can see we have the products and total is 25 and then we have the single page product right here available and after

[15:16:00]
that value we also going to make that set current page as one. So whenever we are calling that particular first instances we are passing that as a set current page as one. I think this is not required even I'm going to check whenever we are passing that. So we're going to have the categor not the categories we're going to have the category brand uh fetch products function not required because then it going to just go and make a partial loop over here. So going to be category brand search price range set order and that's it. And also we're going to uh you can fundamentally make another setup over here which going to pass that use effect value right here. And after that uh after that parameter we're going to make that if the current page is bigger than one. So means we have the lots of other pages we can just make that fetch products as true. Okay. And on the use effect state uh we can simply make that if the current page is changing also if the fish products we are calling that time it can interlink that data value

[15:17:00]
and after that we also can make some more other parameter which can come over here like that. So we can get the newly load products.len length is bigger than uh zero then it going to be passing a timer you know we are making the search value calling you are just clearing the time value setup and after that we also need to provide some more scenario right one scenario is that whenever we are calling that the total page right how the total page it going to be calculated because we are having a pasination right so the total pages math to sell we are getting the total then products per page so now you see the either you can do it in your server but those things you can also make sure to provide it in the client side. So now what we are doing we're getting the total count then we are uh dividing it into the product per page. So I have 25 product. Now I have the product per page is 25. So now if we get the total total pages let's say we're going to get that uh total pages

[15:18:01]
which going to be coming as 2.5 for sure. So let's just see what we are grabbing right here in the console. So you can see okay it's it's just rendering as zero. So I'm going to reload that data. Okay. Uh okay total why this is zero. Uh okay math sale this is not working. So why is not providing that total pages or we can just check the total. Let's see total total is coming. H okay because we didn't make set the total. Okay. So what I'm going to go I'm uh I'm going to do over here. You see the response we have but we didn't do anything with the response. We didn't get the data yet. So what I'm going to do first of all I'm going to make that uh set total which going to be that one as that response dot total. So that's the total value. Okay. Now after that also we're going to make uh so we're going to have two separate value to load

[15:19:02]
or connotate the data. But going to be as you can see if we have load mode so it going to be passing that set a new load more data which going to coming from response to products and the set products going to be the product we're spreading the product then we are passing the response dot product so we are passing entire products data otherwise the lily load more products going to be empty and set product should be only response products so right now if I save and if I reload right here we should be happen to be change uh see the changes so the pages is three because it's 2.5 going going to be we're making the sales so it going to be uh three pages and we have the 25 products. So that's how we are going to show the magics and I'm going to also keep it like that. So whenever you're fetching it will not make any issue and still what I recommend you you have certain kind of way to do those and there is the AI you can take help of AI to just to see how you can do it in a bigger picture right so it's not only that I

[15:20:00]
know everything or you know everything no we are know we all are knowing something right so when you are maximizing with that we can take something creative make something greater so that's my concern over here if you have some good assumption. If you have some good ethic, let me know in the comments. I will implement it for sure and I will I I'm also looking forward to learn something more from you people. If you are sharing your knowledge especially in the comments and you are sharing the video which can really help me to boost my morale. Okay, done. So now after that also which uh we can we will make a certain kind of setup over here. So as you can see uh I'm going to go and make some of the price range value which going to be uh making because uh I can also make it from the API or I will just go to create it right here 0 to 20 to to 50 50 to 100 and 100 that's the range which I'm clarifying for you people if you're looking forward to provide that especially in the for in

[15:21:00]
the data layer that's up to you and also what I'm going to do I'm going to just pass certain kind of functionality here because that will clear the filter. So now as you can see this is the price range this is the load more products. So if the has more products and and load more uh loading more is empty because there's when you're refreshing we're going to just or we are bypassing like whenever you see once we are loading whenever you're clicking at the load at the before if I remove that. So uh okay that's the loading. So whenever we are loading that's when those things going to run together. And after that we have the receipt category. So whenever you're receing we're keeping the set categories empty set current page is one invalid category should be empty set brand putting the brand as one and whenever we are receing receipt we are making the like we have a receipt button whenever you're receing we are making setting we're calling in the current page data in the search and you can see we are individually uh uh receing the data right and then we have the receipt price range we have the receipt source order

[15:22:00]
then this is the receipt all filters this that's at the top over here especially if you Go here you can see that's the button which going to reset everything from there. So that's where we are doing things making the set category empty set brand is empty search empty price range is null set order is coming the default value as ascending set current page is one set invalid category which going to be empty. Now we did a lot of things right it's now the time to show the data because we are talking a lot but not showing any kind of data. So let's bring back the data together to see the actual page structure and after that I'm going to put in or I can just simply make that a class name padding y should be let's provide a 10 of padding y and after that I'm going to provide a div here and then going to coming another div I think uh we should be popping up to separate div because as you can see we have a sidebar like we have the top we have in the in the group layer here so that's the top

[15:23:00]
layer which uh going to be uh I think uh that's going to be so let's say I'm going to cut it so I'm going to have let's say two div right so deep into should be two right so this is the two div one div should be let's say top right so that would be the top part and that would be bottom so bottom part have should be have two deep so div and we're going to just maximize because so many times I'm just passing there so should be sidebar uh should be sidebar and then should be bonus. So this the entire value statement should be let's say class name should be flex. Now let's see going to be side by side. So first we're going to build up the tag uh top. You can see this is the top because here uh the side value you can see that filters button and these two going to be coming at together point. Now let's bring back to uh at the main part. So over here I'm going to just provide a bit of certain level of data which can really really helpful. So I'm going to provide a

[15:24:01]
simple div here and the div going to be contain an H2 tag which going to be make that shop products. So should be products and also for the P tag I'm going to passing that we need to pass that product length here. So once we are happen to be calling the product like we are having loading data if we have loading we're going to passing that loading if we doesn't have the loading uh we can we can show the data right so now we're going to go with the back tick and that's going to be passing that showing uh showing and from there we will pass the product data layer so it should be product length if uh length and then also we're going to pass that off and then we're going to show the total value of our data And then we're going to pass that products. So actual product 10 of 25. Why? Because we are having the per page values. So especially if you go like uh if you just receive all now this is having the 25.

[15:25:00]
So we're going to call and fetch the 25. This is having some issue. I need to fix that ASAP. So now we can uh load more data. You can see okay not coming 25. Okay. We're going to fix it in real time. Even we having problem that's we do. That's what we'll do for in in real lifetime. Now what we going to do especially for the particular instances here. So let's go we're going to make some alignment here. So for the class name that should be text should be 2 Excel and font should be semi bold. Okay good. And for the pretag for the class name text should be let's say I'm going to provide a uh baby shop black and from there I'm going to provide an 80% opacity or we can provide uh let's say we can provide a 70% opacity and here the font should be font should be medium and after that as as such as far so we have the category right so now what we can do we also can pass

[15:26:02]
the message which we are having on we're having the invalid category like I'm going to provide a div and then a p tag so that you're going to see what actually we are looking forward to so the category and then we we will pass that uncote data so let's say we're going to quote and quote right so to make the quote you're going to put and sign then it going to be a quote and like that and then we're going to pass that let's say invalid category name and the similar parameter again uh I that's going to be stacking all together. Okay. Now what is the end meaning? What I'm typing especially the end could meaning is that whenever we are passing that code this is the endode but once we deploying we can't pass directly there we're going to find an error. So no products found that could be a showing showing all products instead. So that's just an error and of course we need to provide some of the certain value here. So put a class name margin top should be two beta should be yellow of 50 and then

[15:27:01]
we're going to make the border and the border yellow should be 200 and of uh not a border Y should be not also the red should be yellow border yellow 200 so that's you can see right now and that will be fixed because it get taking the whole way now rounded MD for the P tag here take should be a small text and text should be yellow 800 okay that and after that uh so as we are having that this always not be seen right because in that particular div here I'm going to what I'm going to do I'm going to put a class name I'm going to make it a margin top of six or I'm going to keep it margin top as usual I'm going to make it a flex you know so it going to be coming all together and justify and should be coming of that let's say item should be center and justify should be between so now you can see that's coming all together because right now after this tape we should be uh let's say it going to be reset button. So that's the button

[15:28:00]
going to be coming right there to make the receipt. You can see there is a border line here or you can also make that let's say I'm going to make it a padding let's say padding should be one so that it going to happen to be a wrong or padding y should be one and padding x should be four so that uh or not four I think two is enough yeah now you can see that's having a very good and proper meaning and that deep going to be only visible whenever because we need to put a condition otherwise every time it going to show whenever you're going to have an invalid category and and we're going to passing that deep so we're good to So now we need to find to grab that receipt button. How we can do that? First of all, we need to find a condition, right? If we have let's say we have the category. So let's say a category or or and then we're going to pass that brand. So all the search parameter once is available or it can be the search and then we're going to have the price range uh price range or or and then we're going to also have the sort order. So

[15:29:01]
and sort order is not equal to ascending. So should be a c not equal to ascending. And then we need to pass any other format. So and we're going to have a button right and the button going to be passing that reset uh reset all filters. And then we also need to make that let's say the variant should be uh variant should should be outline and after that uh the class name the text should be small text and also on click we're going to make that uh let's say receipt all filters which we did before and then we're going to make that let's say one more thing class name uh class name we did already what is the pending we will make that disabled the button But should be disabled on the loading going to uh not loading more products but loading going to code. So now we have the button

[15:30:00]
we are having the products especially whenever right now where we can see because it doesn't exceed it on there. So now as we are having there our deep work is done. So this is the time where we need to work with our second parameter where we're going to showcase our entire product structure. Now the product structure going to be happen to be two setup right. So you're going to make a flex column by default and MD should be a flex row and I'm going to provide a gap of let's say the gap of should be uh five gap it going to be okay with that. So now you can see there is a gap of five and by the way we can also uh there is a yeah we can also provide a margin top from there if you are uh looking forward to um okay I'm going to provide that later. Okay, right now what we need to do, we need to grab some particular value to go and distribute the setup over there because we need to provide a certain commotion of data by which we can do a

[15:31:02]
lot of things to make things better. So first of all what I'm going to do is that I will provide a div here of course which I already provided. Then I'm going to for that particular div going to happen to be some of the class name and the class name itself going to be as you can see the flex flex column and then also I think uh this one or I can make that MB should be six you know just provide a gap you can put five or six I think five is passing through a notion okay now this one having to padding five so you can see that's the one which we are happen to be in the sidebar so if I just make that sidebar you can see some data is right there the padding Five background color should be the baby shop white weight full max weight 64 that could be there and min weight is 60. So minimum 60 maximum 64 and rounded LG also passing a border. Now what kind of data it going to have true? We're going to have filter. So you're going to have all the categories distributed. You have the all the brands we're going to have the price r. We're going to have the

[15:32:01]
ascending descending. So you know we're going to use the select value which going to be wrapping up with the options. And that's it done. So we're going to do in instantly with all of the setup. So first thing first we're going to taking another. So this is the sidebar. So that's we're going to take another div and the div going to contain uh let's say it going to contain a button. So let's go. It going to happen to get a button. Okay. So I think we first need to work for especially for ah that's the button. Yeah. We need to first work for the smaller screen because otherwise or we can we can pass we can pass the scenario. Let's say uh the small devices we're going to come back later on on there because the small screen devices is going to be we are keeping it later on. Now we're going to have a div here and the div going to be an H3 which going to passing that value as filters. Filters right? So that will

[15:33:02]
popping up our filter segment and that div which going to be put a class name by default it going to be hidden and MD should be block. So that going to stay and that filter text we're going to put a class name text should be LG text should be LG and font should be semi bold. So you can use the title which we created. So the title you can see in the components and also we can pass that filters right that's same you can do but I'm going to keep it in a very resolent way. I'm going to go in a medium way so that you can try something new within your own parameter. Okay. Text LG is not working. I have some misprononunciation. Now H3 after H3 I'm going to provide uh so that's the div. Why we need to have the div that could be there. So after that instant segment. Okay. So this is the H3 div uh which going to be empty block hidden.

[15:34:01]
I think we can go instantly on that particular div here and over here. Okay. We can go by. So there should be a separate portion here. So we need to find a tuning over there. We need to show some of the value here. So that could be the filterable data value. So I'll go with the simple notation or I'm going to just remove it from the div. I'm going to go to create a separate div. Let's see if we have the search value then we need to provide to show the search value is there. If we have the search value then we're going to passing a div which going to like come like provide the entire segment of the search text. Remember so that's going to be providing the search text. I'm going to show you how this going to be start and how that going to be ending on there. So remember that we have the search value previously if we go especially okay data is loading if we go for that comfy or I think the travel is smart com this one sleepware so now you

[15:35:01]
see that's the search value slipper if we cut it going to remove so this is the same functionality which we create right here you can see it will show the search value if we click on there it going to reset the search value so this is what we did here and if I just remove of that uh uh notation so okay I remove the condition you can That's the search value and that's what it going to be done once it going to be happen to be in maximizing is potential to be do or clearly manipulating over there and for that deep here we need to provide some of the the division of classes. So the class is filter open going to be block otherwise going to be hidden and whenever the MD screen going to be block and space Y should be four. So this particularly going to be working for the smaller skin too. So if I go in the filter, so that's it going to be showing right here. So let's go in the baby mart and then we're going to coming up from the same segment and from the same scenario and you're going to see uh let's say uh shop sleepwware and over here you can see that's the value. So

[15:36:00]
the same same key which we are showcasing here according to the data structure and the data layer. So now this is for the search value itself. So now this particular alignment going to be for all. Now this for the search value and after the search value we will uh we're going to provide the other parameter also. So now let's go pull back the category. So I'm going to provide a div here and in the div I'm going to make another div and that div going to be passing a label and the label I'm going to just keep it like that or uh no need for HTML. I'm going to just go for uh that going to be passing that a category. So it should be category. Okay let me open that. So the category and also the space was Y is four but I don't know why it's not working so far. It's there right. Uh so for the label let's put a class name block text should be a small text phone should be let's say I'm going to make it a medium and

[15:37:00]
also I'm going to make a margin bottom as two. Okay. So that could be the data structure. So now as we have the category label right? So this structure going to be similarly as such every time. So now what we going to do we're going to also passing after the label itself we need to pass the button you know the receipt button on the category is selected. So the same thing going to happen if you see selected category the button going to be together. So receed going to be filtered by together. So I'm going to just uh just comment the condition here. So you should be able to see the button. So now what I need to do especially for the level parameter for the flex and that should be flex justify should be in between and item should be center align that's it and you see that's working perfectly and if you're looking forward to putting a more gap put a gap and make that gap as the MB should be uh let's say four that should be a bigger value over here I think this is the filter the filter is going to be happen to be some more value right this is the filter text

[15:38:02]
right here And if we put MB as uh let's say H uh no this is not getting that's why uh should be getting should be coming up from the filter. So let's put a class name uh not like that. the class name MBS4 no class okay where is the fil okay that is the top okay that's my bad I'm just putting especially in the top circulation because there it will not be there it going to be coming as on that filter so now let's say I'm going to provide a margin bottom of four okay now you see we're getting it so you can just exchange the data layer how how much you want or how you want it's up to you I'm going to just go through the one again as I told earlier or I told several times in multiple videos that try to be creative. Don't follow what I'm typing right now. Doesn't need to follow what I'm pasting right now. You can whenever I'm copy pasting, don't follow it. Try to shackle your brain and try to

[15:39:01]
understand even go for the chat GPT or any AI. Try to understand the magic and logic together while you are putting there. Right now, as you see, I'm doing that design. You can remove, you can do some of your design, right? That could be that could be where the learning curve is. Everybody watching the video but not everybody learning to make those uh projects together. Right? It depends on how much attention you are putting on the details and how much creativity you are looking forward to having it together. Right? So now as you can see that's the div which I'm having right now and after that div we're going to have a select parameter. Don't forget to import that UI select and the select should be passing to have that select. So it should be trigger and be careful all the things going to be coming as the similar way and that should be uh select value right. So select value and in the select value should be passing a placeholder going to be passing a text. Uh should be passing a text select a

[15:40:01]
category. Okay. U that's it. I'm going to keep it uh like such I think. So select a category. So you can see select a category but once I click nothing happened the same. But uh we're going to change the design by so far. Now we need to provide that category for to uh select to trigger that and trigger that point to go and make things better. First of all, you're going to provide the value. The value itself going to be two separate value. Either can be it could be the value of the category, a single category over there. Otherwise, it can be uh like uh get all the valid properties from there. Now, as you can see, it's still nothing here because we didn't provide the category segment here. Now after that we also uh need to provide that to separate positioning here which going to be a function whenever we're going to change the value and also a function whenever we are going to making is disabled when the loading is running it going to be disabled on the when the value is changing a selected category if the value is equal to all should be none otherwise you're going to pass the value

[15:41:01]
and the set current page one and set invalid category should be empty. Now for the figure itself we're going to provide a width of full and going to padding should be two and border should be going to provide a border and we're going to make that a rounded parameter just put a rounded. So I think the rounded let's we're going to make an MD rounded. So what's rounded we have yeah that's the MD parameter here. Okay that's cool. Now the select value uh okay placeholder select the category. So now after that trigger we have the trigger then we have the select content. Okay. So, select uh not like that. So, should be contained here. In the select content, we will pass that as a select group. So, select group. And on that particular select group here, let's see. Uh we are going to make that a select label. Select label. So, on that select label, we're going to pass that as a categories, right? So, this is the categories you can see.

[15:42:00]
Okay. Fine. So, now the value parameter is there. So as you can see right now right now if we are coming here like if we doesn't shows any value property right now so we're going to receive enter filter we have the all categories as the default parameter right so we going we're going to pass that too now we doesn't have any category segment and still we have the categories as far for the select level itself now we're going to pass the item right so it should be select item uh select item here so in the select item we need to pass a multiple value property here. So, uh first value property should be passing as that all categories, right? And that item going to be passing the value should be as all. So, that's the all category value that should be the first one. Then we are going to be mapping true for the categories. So, categories do map and every single category we're going to pass the cat which going to be take a parameter of the category. And

[15:43:02]
after that we're going to just simply pass that as a select item. So select not content but an item. And in the select item should be passing that cat uh not like that cat dot name. And also as we are mapping we need to provide the key should be uh let's say cat do ID that should be the mapping key. So right now even we click you see we can now aail to see all the category segment right. So also the parameter okay what's wrong here? select value is missing. So we need to provide the value. Uh the value should be it going to be coming as a cat dot id. So that could be the value. Now every time we are changing into log you see the value is changing right. So that's the today's value and you can see because the loading instances now product is finding if you're just getting the receipt product you can see the value parameter is working and the product also is calculating but we are not seeing there. And right now what's before finishing or

[15:44:00]
finalizing the old setup itself. Right now we can do something better. And before moving to grab the product I want to share another things with you. You can uh like hit me on the medium with the same thing medium.com/reacts. Now here what we doing here we are post uh like publishing whatever the latest news we have whatever the blog pattern we have we are passing or trying to build up those things. uh uh definitely now you can see that react uh like how you can implement the react native and what kind of update you're having to have especially topmost a clear idea about focusing the latest data and also the latest tech technologies which you're talking about right here. So feel free to come and just uh follow me in the medium if you're looking forward to have some good ideas about the new tech, have some good ideas of the changing story about the tech and how it's moving on. that can uh that can uh embrace the knowledges for you people and you can also understand the things in a much

[15:45:01]
better way. Okay. So now we need to show the products right so that we should understand a bit better. So what I'm going to do I'm going to just uh uh keep everything right here. So right now what we need to provide is that to apart apart from the filters we need to uh maximize the scenario by which we can show the product data. So now as you can see we have the products layer right here. So what I'm going to do I'm going to put a class name and over here I'm going to make that BJ should be baby shop white. So I'm going to make simply the full white color and after that padding should be five and rounded should be empty. And we're going to take the full width right. So you can see that's the part which you're talking about. And also uh if you want to put the border you can put the border so that you can see the data. I think here uh there is no border but there is inner border right there. I think what we did right now baby show white but here is

[15:46:02]
that the combination is not so much I think uh we need to handle that manually. We we're going to do that so that the color combination going to be a little bit better. So right now I'm going to keep it simple as we are going to be showcasing the product. Now first of all if we have the loading right if we have the loading uh loading then we're going to provide that let's see if we have the loading uh and also we need to combine two separate if we have the loading and the products dotlength is uh equal to zero then we're going to show something otherwise we're going to show something if we have this is uh not equal to empty means we have the products and the loading and other parameter going to coming then let's say it going to be passing let's say I'm going to just make that as loading. So right now we having the product. If we select any category, you can see uh that's a parameter like uh let's say car seat. Okay, it's still not showing here because the loading uh you see that's the loading which I'm talking about. You

[15:47:00]
see the loading and getting the product. So that's how we are going to be combining the data structure to follow through the scenario. Okay. Now for the loading what we can do is that I'm going to just create a simple skeleton here. Now uh in the components you can just make a folder structure should be a skeleton and over here I'm going to just pass that that should be uh the shop is skeleton here as you can see we are providing that especially the same structure ratio providing the grid pattern you see the grid whatever the product card grid we are following through that's the same grid pattern which we are passing there so now what we'll do instead of that loading we're going to pass that our central system value which going to be passing that Shop is skeleton value. Shop is skeleton. That's it. So now if you just see the loading here, you can see that's the product loading skeleton card which going to be timber over there. Now for this products layer here, we're going to also take another div, then we're going to pass that if we have the products dot

[15:48:02]
uh then we're going to map through it. So from there it going to be taking as the product and also I'm going to take the index to provide that ID. you can just pass the ID an actual ID that also going to be okay if you're looking forward to now we're going to manipulate some data you know so uh that's going to be uh as a newly loaded and other parameter we can go through it that could be uh or uh then we're going to pass the return value in that return we can just simply return some of the data let's say that should be products now what's actually we did here okay uh Okay, here what we need to provide the key should be let's say the key should be uh we're going to we're going to just put a backing here we're going to maximize the key and the first parameter we're going to pass that as let's say going to be product dot id and then also we're going to just put an equal mark on

[15:49:01]
that then we're going to go with index okay so you can see the products now what actually we are doing is that product is newly loaded. So newly loaded products sum and then we are pushing that is equal to we are just publishing or categorizing on that and that could lead us an error because that's where we are looking forward to but we're going to fix that we're going to go whatever we are having in the current scenario then if you're facing the error we're going to fix that in real time now in that parameter here which is multiply doing the same thing. So what I'm going to do I'm going to just make that as the product card. So product card and in the product card we need to pass the product as same. So it should be passing our product value and as you can see we have the product but note in good fashion because you see the top layer of the D. Uh I'm going to make that one class name. We're going to just take the width as whole. And then also put a class name here. That should be I'm going to make it a grid. And the grid column should be by default as two. And also running in

[15:50:00]
the LG screen grid column should be let's say it going to be four. And Excel grid column should be five and gap should be let's say three. Oh no no no not no not. So the placeholder should be should be only a gap of three. Okay. Done. So now as you can see we have five product. Okay. Cool. Okay. That that's that's really amazing. Now, of course, the mobile responsiveness, we're going to bring that. Now, if we select any category, listen, baby deals. Okay. You can see that's highlighting. If we select uh Okay, I think uh one tiger is not happening. When you see, okay, all categories play still. Okay. I think uh one things which he commented out. Okay. Anyway, we'll go one by one. Let's see if we're facing any other problem. We're going to come back later on. Okay. So now, of course, we need to provide some of the class name and also we can go alongside with the style. If you're looking forward to, but if you're

[15:51:00]
finding a good tune without not popping up those things, you are good to go. So, we are putting a transition here. All duration is in out. Whenever we loading, remember it going to be popping from top to like below to top. So, that's what we are going to encouraging here to get it. Okay. Right now after that after having the product card also for the div itself which actually happened to be some of the problem I'm going to just popping those things later on so that you can understand a bit of how those things is going through. So now after that div here uh okay after the div we're going to passing those value uh okay so the loader to data and that's it. So now you can see if we have more product we are loading the product okay cool it's loading and of course if we happen to be let's say under that nothing no product baby deals okay that's product you have seen it all no more products to show now what could happen on we doesn't have any product or

[15:52:01]
like so so right now if we have that so this is the scenario I think so so now we need to maximize that structure Okay. So now as we have the skeleton here we can do something more right. So as you can see in that layer we can put another value like if we have the uh products dot length if we have the length like it's bigger than zero then it going to be having something right. So what's the something is that that's the value right? If it doesn't have the products right if it doesn't have the product and also if it's not loading right only then we want to pass something which going to be and let's say it should be empty empty products okay so uh okay okay okay okay uh I think so that could be needed like that not like that

[15:53:02]
okay uh let me See what we are missing. Okay, like that div. Okay, I think I was uh manipulating in wrong side. So this is my entire structure, right? So this is the div which uh uh okay which we did. So if we have the zero value then we need to provide that let's say yeah that would be let's say a deep no products yeah it's a little bit messy but you'll get it on you're doing I'm not baby feeding by so far so you need to uh certainly do some of the mechanism here okay uh watch every single okay that's the nox category now what I'm going to do I'm going to happen to provide an empty list parameter that's the components which uh I'm going to have to have that. So in the product criteria so in the common not in the common ah common has the

[15:54:01]
pages anyway you okay that's the pages here okay now happen to be that uh okay that's the UI button component here which need to be provided in a very good way so now what actually that component is doing right so this component taking a message and also a reset filter button by default is popping up and after that is just a loader icon then we're getting the no products found and also receipt filter. So that's the same uh structure ratio if you just select the category here nursing feeding I think nothing here for that you see ah no it's still also I what's not here uh baby skin care so this product we doesn't have so let's say baby skincare okay so once we do that that's the one which you're looking forward to make that so that's the same structure now you can design it doesn't matter that you need to make the same design again I'm exercising that maybe

[15:55:00]
you'll try to provide your rights to create some a very very unique and a very legit design which can be really cool and for sure let me know in the comments or if you did something more or better or not if you cannot if you're having any problem also let me know in the comments I know I will try to create the script file by which you can populate data for sure now that should be empty screen so empty screen list data and from there I'm going to pass the message and the message should be no products match to your selected filters. Right? And after that we're going to have a button. So receive filters and the receipt filter is going to be passing that receipt filter. That's the function. So now if you receive the filter automatically all the products going to appear, right? So right now again uh there is the certain scenario on or the segment which is still pending. So this is the product case right here. Now we need to bring back the other filter statement. So as

[15:56:00]
you can see we have the filter for the category here. Now we need to get the filter for the brand. So what I'm going to do I'm going to popping the brand. So let's go at the top. So at the top that's where the category is done. So I'm going to go and popping that value. So that should be search and that should be category and over here that should be brands. Okay. Now the brands housing the brand data the similar of the category the same same structure same segment just uh function is changed the data layer is changed doesn't matter at all we have the fun we have that label for the brand and also for the receipt button which is receiving right now only the brand you can see it's only receiving the brand property and then the button here and we are showcasing the brand instead of the category and we are passing all the brand data. So that's it. Let's go for our brand. And after the brand, we need to also

[15:57:00]
finetuning over to separate statement. So what I'm going to do, I'm going to popping that up. So after brand, we have the price range. And also we have the salt buy. So two separate uh statement need to be coming up. So I'm going to go and bring the price range right now. So that should be price range. Price range. And in the price range, the same thing. We're just popping up the price statement value which going to be popping up the prices whatever we are having right now. That's it. So after the price range we need to provide that uh the filter for our sort by. So whatever the sorting data we are recurring right now uh we need to provide that let's say should be uh it would be uh okay the price range is done. So uh should be let's say what kind of value is that? That should be sorted value. Okay. So, s filter. Okay. Done. So, it could be the newest first, could be the

[15:58:01]
oldest first. If you go in the oldest, you can see that's getting the oldest. If you're getting the newest, it's getting the newest. So, now you can also uh load and reload the structure. I think uh one of the things which we bypassing right now especially right here. Okay, that's the one. So, this is the products which we are showcasing. Now if the product is equal to uh I think this is the condition which we are passing loading and also the product value is equal to zero I think I'm going to remove that whenever the loading is done like whenever the loading is happening I want to showcase that okay so okay cool so now you see so every time it's loading we have that things to running yeah that could be uh resume the error if whatever the error we are getting it so later on we are calculating that to see the value here. So this is the structure of the shop page. Now this is not fully completed. You can do lot of other parameter. So one thing is still pending which I I

[15:59:01]
forgot of there. So this is the for the smaller devices. Remember which the filter button which we didn't done for the smaller devices. So invalid category all filter value and from over here we need to provide a small uh devices parameter which it could be a pretty simple and a pretty straightforward because now we need to just provide a button right. So that is we need to provide a button which can populate the data here for the smaller. So that should be the chevron up and also that should be the chevron down to just showcase the data structure. So right now if you go here first see if it's working or not in the filter value you see all the filter is coming up. So that's what we did. So what we did said filter button is open then in that filter we are show showcasing all the filter. If it's done we just uh hiding all the filter value available on the MB screen it should be the hidden because the data is right here in that skeleton property. So now we can view and

[16:00:00]
properly align all the data structure. So this is the cat. This is the shop page where we did all of our magic. So right now let's go back to create something very unique. Did we can add to the card right? So we need to login. Let's say I'm going to login with an admin. So did admin is working. I have no idea. Uh okay. Login failed. Or we can directly go to make. Let's say it should be a John do. John do john@gmail.com. I think we have that. Okay. Yeah. Princ successful. So it should be John Do. And then okay. So now we are signing in as John Doe and John Do doesn't have an email and others. But let's see if John do can add to the product in the cart. So whenever is adding okay it's going to be adding to added to the cart and you can see we can view the success message. If we go in

[16:01:01]
the car, we doesn't have a curve page, right? So, we need to go and particularly create those pages. And there's a lot of other pages which we cannot create from the scratch. But we can go and manipulate those things in a very very efficient manner. So, first of all, what we could do is that we should be uh we happen to be uh grab the pages so many pages for the users and others. So, you can see we have the user and user profile, right? So this is the profile layout for the user. So beside the profile what I'm going to do I'm going to create another file here and again this this things is not required actually because as you can see right now we're happen to be grabbing the car. So I can we can just simply take it to the root layer. No need to exercising those uh empty segment because we are only having a single layout pattern. So over here what I'm going to do I'm going to create another file which going to be let's say it going to be a cart and

[16:02:00]
page.tsx rfce. So that could be card page and that could be let's say not like that. Okay what's wrong that could be p not uh a p tag okay or page card whatever is there. So now this is going to be our cart page here. So in the curve page we will try to maximize our magic so that it can be really good to see. Now again I don't want to make that curve page as client component. So you you may feel free to create whatever the setup scenario you're looking forward to. But what I'm going to do I'm going to in that particular page. So let's say this the common I'm going to go with that page. Okay. So I'm going to create another component which going to be let's say card page. So it should be card page client.tsx tsx rce. So that should be our cur page client. Okay. So instead of passing there, I'm going to just simply drop that card page client

[16:03:02]
because the card pages must be client because every single data layer and others is going to be coming to the cart page and all. And of course we are handling that uh our middleware which are actually exercising or later on we're going to uh like like we're going to just manipulate it as a proxy which we're going to do later on because right now in the middleware did we did we create the middleware? No not yet. So uh it will not support us if it's not happen to be we need to exercise the middleware of course. So uh of course let's say in the app beside the app we should be so this is our client and the client doesn't have a middleware. So we need to have to have the middleware. So I'm going to just copy that middleware for you people. Now what's you can just console I'm going to just debug log. I'm going to keep that log so you can debug it how it going to be happen. So now what we did here the middleware you see the card page without user like if I just logged in right now log out. So now

[16:04:01]
anybody if I go in the card anybody can see the card right? So this is exercising like everybody can go and see your card. You cannot stop people that uh they cannot see the card right now they can see but what we going to do we're going to set up the middleware by which without logged in nobody can access especially you can see the user route. So the all sign in you can see the start with user is not authenticated you know it's redirect it going to redirecting to the middleware. So that's how it going to be having happen to be configure the authentication and we need to implement that in a better way. So if a okay the middleware is not working by so far why is uh why this is happening it should work let's see what we are missing right now or as we just copy paste you know sometimes it can happen so what I'm going to do npm run dev again so that middleware it will load okay see the middleware compiled so

[16:05:00]
right now if we just load our application it's supposed not to be passing here but somehow it's just grabbing it so user is not uh tiger up. So somehow our middleware is not which middleware we just uh copied is it our middleware uh okay so here what we are passing let's see uh can we check the can we also visit the profile profile yeah we can view the profile and right now there is nothing to be sign out so the middleware must to be work properly but instead of passing that directly I think that's not a good practice and middleware cannot handle those things indirectly. So what I'm going to do I'm going to remove it. I'm going to pouring that everything one by one so that it can be more understandable. So in the client you see in the root we're going to create a file called middleware uh mi dl.ts and later on also we are going to moving to next year 16.0 then that time it

[16:06:01]
should be coming as the middleware not middleware going to be coming as a proxy right. So we have the middleware in the client. So right now we're going to just put a systematic just a simple uh comatable functionality which going to be coming from the next request and then the next response. So right now we're going to export a function. So let's see export function that could be calling as the middleware and that middleware going to be taking the request. That request going to be let's say next request and the next request going to be let's say I'm going to just passing that return null. Okay. So now it's going to be returning null. later on we're going to make some compromisation to go and bring those things up. But uh I think also if I just okay if we just go through the path name let's say const let's say the path name going to be coming is equal to let's say request dot uh next URL okay now that could be coming from the next URL and here we're going to pass simply just passing the path name okay path

[16:07:01]
name and if we just log the path name let's say path name should be passing the path like that should be passing the uh path name. Okay. So that need to be aligned together. If it's not aligned, it will not go and work together. Okay. And over here we're going to simply just passing that return next response. Not like that should be next response dot next. So it going to be just go to provide that. So now let's go to see in our especially if the middleware is loading or not. So no it's not uh uh we not getting any kind of setup. So even especially over here our middleware even is even common control. So it going to be removing the npm run div. So npm run div. So we are running our middleware. You see that middleware is compiled together but we're not receiving anything especially on that. Uh so our

[16:08:01]
middleware setup is not working somehow. Uh okay. So that could be an problem. Either something is happen to be in my cash or some major money is spending. I'm going to just keep it right now. Later on we're going to come back to it uh as as soon as possible. But also we can do in a certain point. Right? As you can see we are in the shop uh we're in the user right. So what I will do I go I will create a layout especially in that shop should be layout layout.tsx. So RFCE should be passing that root layout. Okay. So that root layout going to be passing let's say we're going to passing the children. So it should be children and the children going to be coming from that children react dot uh let's say react note. Okay. So we're going to pass simply passing that children. Okay. So now what we can do? We can simply if we

[16:09:00]
go especially in that uh let's say we are now in the card. So we can see the card here. So okay what's wrong here? Uh okay I think uh children name which which are mismanipulating children. So that could be like that children and here we pass the children. Yeah. So now we can see the card. So now what we can do right now we can check the user right we can grab the user from server side and then we can pass the user. So now especially if you go in the header uh did we pass the user? So as you can see we have the user button. So we can get the o user like the user it could be there and then we can just passing the value right here. We can check the user especially using that API. So whatever the API configuration which we are using then we it it can work in such way. So what we can do now instead of like uh imagine we doesn't have a middleware right. So now we think the middleware is not there later you're going to come

[16:10:00]
back to the middleware because I think some caching is making problem. So you're going to come back to middleware later on but imagine it doesn't have a middleware. So we need to set up some kind of emotion right so anybody can see your card it should not be without user that should be not there. So what we going to do is that we're going to grab the data. Remember we have that cookie. So cookie store should be is equal to await and the await function going to run that to grab the cookies right. So that would be coming from the next header and as as a parameter we need to provide that as a asynchronous data. So now we're going to check what kind of data you going to have in the cookie store. If we check you can see all the details all the details. We have the value for the cookies we have the value especially the token value refresh token value. So we can now fetch everything from there. So now we're going to dstructurize the token from there. So token should be is equal to let's say cookie store dot get and from there we're going to just get all token dot value and then we're going to just

[16:11:00]
simply check if we receive any token. So right now if you go at there you can see we are okay token is uh getting as implemented as an empty. So should be cookie store.get and we are receiving nothing. So we are getting an o token here. Uh okay getting undefined but whenever we are passing that cookie store we are having so uh okay the value is coming here clerk active. Okay why ah this is really I'm going to clear my local storage for a bit just give me a little minute. Okay I just remove everything from my local storage. So right now even I try to okay as you can see I believe right now it's going to be implementing that. So let's just try to get my token. So let's see okay cookie store token is undefined but I believe that should be uh okay so if means now we doesn't have a token right and why it

[16:12:02]
doesn't have a token because I'm not logged in. So if there is no token right right so I'm not logged in I'm going to pass in some value just return null you're going to see nothing you can see even we are here in the route of user card we're in the card we're in the route right so how you can manipulate the structure how you can customize the token how you can manipulate the data layer now even especially in the cart we have a text right if we try to grab it you see we come in the cart but we're returning null we Even you have the token you can see nothing. So now what we can do we going to just passing some a try method here just to provide the data here. So what we doing? Okay there is okay I think I made a mistake here. So okay I'm going to go with the try catch especially if in thev file you can see we have one API endpoint also coming with an API route API URL. So that's the things which

[16:13:00]
we're going to looking forward to make things work perfectly. So now in the layout we're going to go with the try method right. So let's just create a try method. So in the try method we will not go in the cache method just try method. So con should be the base URL. We need to set up the base URL. So what kind of base URL we are looking okay so that should not be of course we need to get the try catch. So in the catch uh in the catch on we have nothing to provide. I'm going to just pass that value as that fail and providing the error which is null. Then if we have that then we're going to set that as a base URL. So should be B URL should be is equal to process env dot and that could be coming from the API dot API endpoint. So endpoint and then we can val pass the value. So that could be the endpoint. If that endpoint is doesn't available we can just simply pass an endpoint over here. Now of course we need to make sure that we are passing that endpoint especially in the real

[16:14:00]
time segment and others. Okay. So now we can just go and simply go structurize the data layer. Let's say it going to be structurizing there. So of course uh okay that should not be the base URL. That would be the base URL. So if you have the base URL like response fetch then we're going to go with the out profile. We're going to get the data. You see cach no is store. We're going to get the data in real time. If we doesn't have response is not okay. It going to be empty. If we have the user in the response, we're going to return the user directly. Again, we are now passing the variable in a very very systematic way so that we can have entire segment. Now, as you can see, what's the segment which we did earlier here. So everything we are functioning here uh need to be uh properly aligned together. Right? So let's see how we can align it. You can see those functions. There is a little mistake which I did uh at the earlier top as you can see that entire statement that should be coming at the top not here. Okay. because uh okay I think u we

[16:15:03]
can just simply pass that uh we can just get a function here should be assign or we can just make that con uh const get user and that user going to be let's say it's going to be passing that as an asynchronous function and then we're going to we're going to pass that value here. So this entire statement going to be coming as get store get user function. Okay. So that get user function going to be responsible to provide me the user. Okay. Now as you can see over here it's already popping up there. We can simply get the user uh according to let's say awaits get user. Okay. So that's the function which going to provide me the user. Now if there is no user right we we can do something. If there is no user redirect. So redirect uh of course we need to provide that I think the redirect from the coming from the next navigation and that will be

[16:16:00]
coming from all sign in that's it if there is user it will be passing the user so that's how you can send without the middleware you can handle it there is a popup but it will return nothing that's the benefit remember last time the next happened to be happen to a problem here with the middleware so that's that's how you can check your route in a proper way in a very good manner. So as we have that scenario is set now we can go directly in our cart page. Now we can start building our client and later on we're going to talk about the middleware why is not set and we're going to set that together for sure. We're going to start pouring the things especially for in the client page for the curve. So first of all there should be so many other parameter which can be really really be handy whenever we are building this structure. And first and foremost we need to bring some of the calcul calculated data here. So as you can see we need to use that. I'm going to just import it first. So everything is only in the store. And then we also need to bring for the user

[16:17:01]
store. We need to get back our user state hook. Now you can make it more creative by using that special parameter by which you can be really uh go through individual layer where you can use that uh cache component and others. And I'm going to show you whenever we're going to updating the parameter. First of all, as you can see what we are bringing right here is that we're having the use card store and from the card store we're I'm going to make a little bit more bigger so you can see it. Uh I think I think that would be fine. Okay. So we have the card items with quantities remove from card properties update card item quantity clear card sync card from server and then we have the O token especially to get the configuration for the O setup and it's going to come from our EOS user store we have that show clear dialogue set show clear dialogue and especially if you just go directly on our parameter here you're going to see what's actually meaning by that. So I'm going to go I'm going to just try to sign in with an account here. So, let's

[16:18:00]
see. I'm going to go with an admin. And let's see. That could be uh Oh, no. It's fail. So, I think the password that could be there. No. Uh I think I forgot that. Let's say that could be there. Anyway, I I really uh forget uh maybe John have here. So, let's say John. So, John. Okay, let's see if it's there. Login failed. So, we can sign up a new user. Let's say I'm going to go with the similar name of John because I need to show you what we are actually building over here. So, let's say okay, John atgmail.com. Okay, done. So uh okay registration fail

[16:19:00]
it's because maybe uh something okay user already access so means John is already there but I maybe forget the password so Johngmail.com okay let's try no this is not the password this is also okay this is the password okay so now if you go directly over here to oversee the parameter you can see the card right and the clear the dialogue which going work. If we just cop paste it, you see it can clear the entire cut segment. So we're going to go preface that data layer to be building a startup situation. Then we have the checking route and is checking route. So that's going to be a boolean value. So first of all, we also going to implement the router. Now what we going to do? We going to create an use effect parameter here right now to uh call the data layer. So that would be our use effect. And on that use effect we're going to what we're going to do is that constitialize. So uh that would be a value here

[16:20:00]
initialize card and that would be an asynchronous function here. So let's just build a function. Okay, that should be not the plus icon but the equal and initialize icon if we have the out token only. Then what we going to do? We're going to make the try catch. Right? If we doesn't have the out token it's just going to be that we have the user. So let's say we're going to pass that uh should be the console error. So error and here it should be the fail to sync card from server. So whatever data is there we will sync it with the server. So now let's say uh await okay not the our icon await and that should be let's say sync cur server uh not why is coming sing server and we're going to pass that out token and uh so that should be the out token parameter I think the out token parameter not require we just sync the server and that should be visualizing whenever the out token and sync occur from server going to be changing it's

[16:21:00]
going to prefetch so right now as you can see whenever we are logged in we will find that we have three products in the card is because happening for that syncing the server so now what we going to do we need to call that function so initialize uh not initialize uh let's say it should be uh initi okay initialize server and that's it that will go so there is no loading no other setup just a plain scenario and there could be another positioning where we going to also calculate the total item for the current product which going to be calcul Call it sub total and then return from the card items with quantities and as you can see every single attachment is right there in user is store. So you can see whatever the value parameter which we are already passing and you can find everything in the repo all the code all the items. So just go tune up something you know that could be a little bit if we just going to explain everything time to time. So take little bit time to explore so many parameter what we explaining

[16:22:00]
there itself. Now after that there will be another parameter which going to be calculate the total price. So the subtotal is already getting the calculate subtotal. So that's the function which grabbing our subtotal value and then we're getting the shipping cost. Right now we are providing that if subtotal is small bigger than 100 then zero. If not then so below $15 we are putting that like uh like below $100 we're putting $15 as a as a shipping cost. If it's a more than $100 we are putting that zero. also the text going to be providing that. Now what we are doing especially for the new build for in the term reple we all are passing that one from the env we are passing from our database we are manipulating that too first if we have that in the envials it going to take that so the design is like that first it going to look forward to our database if it the response is coming in empty value then it going to uh set from the env cominging on the structure so we are

[16:23:00]
holding it in a very very different way but you can also implement if you're looking forward to implement here that's up to you but for me I'll just go with the previous the first building version so you can change it later on you can update your code now we're going to also pass another parameter which going to be let's say we need to have that to function which is handle remove item so I'm going to call that function let's say I'm going to bring that at the top so that's the function and we need to import the toast from the sooner so now what actually we're Handle remove item is actually getting that asynchronous function which is passing that item id as the string and we are removing the item and also we are removing from cur it going to remove from our local storage. It also going to remove from our server like the database. So this all things going to be implementing using that remove from card. If you just go there and if you can find it that remove from card is doing uh so many things. So let's say remove from card. So as you can see whenever we

[16:24:00]
are calling the remove from card we're getting that product id as the parameter of the popups then we are checking the o from the user store get state if there is no authentication require then set loading is true then we are trying to remove it from the card API and after getting the response remove it from card and you are passing that token and the product ID and that as you can see this everything is happening in real time so if you're digging down you're going to find a better solution on that so this is how we are going to removing from the both parameter and also handle quantity change. Uh that's just a simple function which going to handling in both side. If new quantity is bigger than one then await and remove item return and then we are also a wait try item quantity. We're passing the item passing the new quantity also passing the toast message that quantity updated and if there is error we are passing the error so user can understand that why he can't add product in the car. Now after that there should be two separate value again which we need to pass it right here. Uh one is

[16:25:00]
that handle clear card which going to also pass that set show clear dialogue true. Remember how we are just going to show the clear card. Once you do that that icon going to that model going to be true and also the confirm clear whenever you're going to click on that it going to do the clear card it going to close the model it going to also passing a toast model card clear and if there is an error it going to passing error for us. Then there is another portion which is called the checkout right. Uh now this is the function which going to do a lot of parameter. As you can see set is checking out should be true. And if there is no O token you see you must be logging to place an order you know set checkout should be false. It going to return from there. And then if everything is okay we're going to redirect to the user checkout and also the passing a message redirecting to checkout. If there is error passing the error then is set checkout going to be false. So as you can see if we just go proceed to check out you see that is where is redirecting and after that is coming there in the checkout segment. So this how we are going to building the

[16:26:01]
structure. Anyway let's go there. So right now what we going to do uh we will we can also make a loading parameter right if is loading is true right is loading is true and from there we're going to return something. Let's say we're going to return a container. So container and in the container just pass the loading right now I'm going to providing the null check value should be passing like that and if we pass that uh you should be able to see the loading parameter uh no no more loading why so is loading we are passing the set is loading uh okay it's loading is true but why uh it's not okay I need to close that first. Okay. In the page we have the page client. So right now whenever we are is loading parameter is done. Let's go see what's the actual value.

[16:27:00]
It's loading. Okay. It's loading is true. So uh okay no need to provide the null value. It should be like that. So now it's loading is true. Right. So we didn't make that set loading as false yet. So it's now going to be true setup. So that it can it can be really uh it will not that much good. So as you can see every time the loading going to happen till uh so if you can come over here uh okay that's the initializing that setup from there you can see and after you need after the checking of the situation right if the data is available you're going to just make that set is loading should be as false. So after just checking the data together itself we can just making that loading as a falsy value. You can see so it going to take a bit of time to load the data from the server then the loading going to be fine and it going to remove the instances. So now what we going to do whenever we are showcasing the loading now you can make the data

[16:28:00]
layer as you are looking forward to. I'm going to just go with a simple constructive uh design here that could be really representing representing the skeleton here. You can create the skeleton wherever you are looking forward to. I'm going to just keep it like like here because right now it's not doesn't matter because you know how to uh like uh design those portion. So let's see what I'm missing. I think I was missing something. Okay. Yeah, I was missing that. So now what is happening here? You can now create that skeleton instead of keeping it right here. Remember we have one skeleton file. So I can copy this entire portion here and over in the skeleton. So in the components common where is our skeleton? We can pass that. Let's say card skeleton.tsx RFC. So over here we're going to pass the card entire skeleton. So now we can

[16:29:00]
import the skeleton from the skeleton. And after that at the top we also need to uh like import that container. So instead of passing that lots of data we can simply pass that per uh skeleton that could bring a lot of things to be clear on that. If I just now putting the null value you can see what the skeleton look like. So it's just an abbreviation of how the curve going to be look alike. That's what you are that's what we are passing right there. Now when everything is in places. So now we can just remove the condition here. Uh okay remove that and also we can just pass simply like that. So now we can our cur like the page of the cur scenario is done and then we should be having another condition is that which going to be if the length is zero right and as you can see we are taking it globally of before the uh before the current page client is just passing there so that it can be highly valuable it can be highly manageable. Now those

[16:30:01]
kind of text as still if you're building us such a long way with me so I really appreciate that. So you know how to build that by so far so I want your creativity to go by so far so that you can do something better especially on that scenario. Now what actually we are building right here. Okay. So the length is I'm going to just pass that note equal to zero. So we can see what actually you're passing that your card is empty. You may check out all available products and buy some in the shop and then return to shop and also high quality selection affordable prices express shipping. So just an idea when the car is empty that is the design which we have been build up here. So what I recommend you go through your creativity to do something battery line and which can be really really important to go and make things in a very very beautiful fashion. So now what we need to do especially here we need to get to bring back our let's say it going to be uh uh I need to pass that as the breadcrumb. So should be uh breadcrumb.

[16:31:00]
So and did we have the breadcrumb? So let's say page breadcrumb. No it doesn't have a breadcrumb. So the bedcom how it's going to be uh making things done is that uh okay why I close that it should be keep it open. So in the bedcam uh as you can see we are passing lots of data value here. So this is the card from where it's coming. We can go back to the home and then we have the share icon all the icon property and others. That's how it going to work. So first of all let's go create a breadc. So especially we it should be coming as in the common. So I'm going to call the name of of that. Let's say it should be pages breadcrumb or page breadcrumb page breadcrumb. TSS RFC. So that would be the pages structure of the breadcrumb so that we can really be uh okay should be page breadcrumb. Okay. So now in the page breadcrumb uh there should be some of the condition here. We need to provide so many data right here. So what

[16:32:01]
I'm going to do I'm going to just predine the value right here. So those kind of data we need to uh implement right here. So let's go and y is coming. Okay should be something like that. And what actually we are doing first of all as you can see in the bedcam uh the item should be so we can pass the item as an array property. We going to passing the current page which going to be curved. We're going to also make the show social share which going to be true and share data. You can see how we can share the data in between of the pages. So that's how it going to be start. You can see it's going to be copied and every time you just pass the link and you can see also check my car three items. So that's the property which we are calling with that property value. Now let's go back in the bitcam where we're going to do and make things done in a very very bad way. And the bedcam should have some of the interfaces which we will just declare right here. And the one interface is that coming with the bedcom item which going to be labelled and href and then

[16:33:00]
also going to be coming as the bedcom puffs which going to items coming as the bedcom item which going to label an href. current page going to be string show social icon should be the boolean value share data coming as title text and URL and the similar parameter of there where we are just declaring that we can just simply pass that uh it's going to be coming that as the uh react dot should be coming of that page break okay react dot uh okay should be fc and over here we need to provide that so should be coming paid bread comes and as we are indicating ing the parameter right now. So what we can do we can manually pass that we can pass the items we can pass the current page we can pass the show social share and which going to be by default as an fuly value. So fy value and then we're going to also pass that share data right so this is the actual accumulated data which we are having by so far and those data going to

[16:34:00]
be coming uh directly on that instances. Now in the bedcom what we can pass is that so when we are having the item we can just simply go with that sharable data it will be a simple function by which we can share the data so as you can see uh there we are just okay uh where we are passing that I think I didn't copy the entire thing so should be passing here so what actually we're doing on we're clicking on the share data you see first of all the share data should be an empty and then we are passing that Facebook share encoded Facebook link. You can pass your Facebook link, you can pass your Twitter link and you can pass your Instagram link and once you did that should be success going to be true. Right now as you can see in the live we just I think we we are keeping that. So uh okay that should be there. If we just click on Facebook you see it automatically open the Facebook. If you click on Twitter it will automatically open the Twitter with your particular account. And if you click on the

[16:35:01]
Instagram, so Instagram is not uh in implemented yet. So that's is not doing the things. So as you can see uh Instagram you can do direct UR string and other. So that's how we are setting those things done. So this is basically coming on the platform scenario to open the app especially within your structure layer. Then now over here what we going to do? We're going to have two structure right. So the structure which we have been uh seen there that could be coming up to valid parameter. So first uh first and foremost there should be in one div then should be an another div and that deep going to contain that parameter of a two which going to provide the value. So this is the first entire statement which you going to be providing the old structurable layer. So I'm going to pass the uh CSS here which going to be background color white. You can just simply pass that let's say baby shop white. That's up to you. You can go with your all uh defined color. So right now that could be as you can see that could be a delighted method. So now also passing that background color is coming

[16:36:01]
with that uh okay I think uh one things which could be done in a better way that I'm going to provide that some of the pass them padding y should be eight so that the gap it would be in between and we can see those structurable layer is there and instead of that div we're going to simply pass that a container here. So that should be the container so that it could be at the middle. Right? Now let's go in the page breadcrumb and over here for the first in in first instances. So this is going to be a containing of that value here. Flex item should be center justify should be between and so the first one going to be rendering. So we're going to pass that simply an href which going to be coming as a link and we're going to pass that our home icon from the lucet react. And whenever we're going to h on that passing directly at the home. So that's going to bring back the home here. And you're going to pass the class name within four height should

[16:37:01]
be four to make it smaller. And then after those link we're going to also pass that let's say it's going to be dynamic link here. So that will parameter whatever the link we are passing there. So now what we're going to do items dot and we're going to pass a map function here and every single thing going to be coming as an item and index and from there we're going to simply return the value. Let's say we can simply pass that react dot fragment and in the fragment we can pass an is span tag which going to be like that and the fragment going to be coming uh need to be coming to an index which uh need to be passing to be a valid key and uh okay after the index parameter we have the span tag and after span so we're going to simply pass that let's say item dot if href is available then we're going to pass something if it's not available then we're going to pass something. If it's not available, we are just simply going to pass that uh span. Let's say

[16:38:00]
uh span and the span t going to be contain that item dot label. So that's going to be there. And now if there is the href is available then we're going to pass that link parameter and that link also going to be let's say passing that item. But here it going to be containing as an href parameter. So href should be item.h. So that we should be able to see the name right and after uh any uh like and also for that one uh we're going to pass the class name and the class name going to be let's say uh once we hover over hover the text should be gray of 700 and then transition should be the colors or you can just simply make that hover effect. So right now we can't see the card yet and see this color going to be combining together. So this is not coming yet. So let's see what's actually happening right now. It should be adapting. So why is not showing? So this is the

[16:39:03]
manipulation which we did right now. Okay. So if it's not coming so this is the condition on the dynamic link going to be coming like we have the multiple link instance and then another link going to be coming as the current page. So that's going to handling the current parameter. The span should be like that. So this is the span which we are passing that then should be another span and here we're going to pass that current page. So whatever the current page we have we are just going to passing that with the class name text should be gray of 700 and font should be let's say media. Okay. So now in between if we are passing any of the other parameter directly it can like if we are going through like if we have the shopping right. Let's see if uh uh I think uh it's not implemented yet. So if we go over here in the profile, no not every pages has that. So that's why it's not showing there right in the card. So now

[16:40:00]
what we can do especially on there as you can see it's not coming there properly. So put the class name going to be flex item should be center. I'm going to provide a gap of two and text should be extra small and also text should be uh let's say it going to be gray of 500. Okay, that's it. So now our one part of the parameter which we are trying to create is done. And the next one is that which going to come in according to the social effect or social as you can see we can pass that linked icon. We can also pass the button and then we will need to import that Instagram icon. After that Twitter icon which is right now calling the X and also going to be a Facebook icon. Now you can manually or you can do so many customization. You can manipulate that when you see the copy to clickboard. If you click in the Twitter, it will automatically open the Twitter uh not right here. If we click on the Twitter, it going to open the Twitter app. If we click on the

[16:41:00]
Facebook, it will open the Facebook app. That's how it going to structurally work. So what you're passing that if we have the show social share if we like make that as a falsy value uh it's not going to show the social parameter. So that's how whenever we are calling the B breadc we can now manually manipulate that setup and can do in a better uh design pattern. So now as we have the breadcrumb uh after the page count we're going to pass another div here we're going to pass an H1 tag which going to pass simply the card right and for the class name margin bottom of eight. So let's provide a gap. And now for the H1 tag, put a class name text should be 4 XL and font should be let's say bold. And also text should be uh baby mart shop black. And let's say I'm going to also make that margin bottom of two. Okay. So that is the card which we are looking forward right here. And after the card we should be having happen to have the two separate battle right. uh

[16:42:01]
the two separate is that one like after the div we need to be happen to be providing a div which going to contain two separate portion one div and uh that deep which going to contain the parameter of that let's say should be card items section right that's that's that should be one section and then another section should be let's say this should be card totals and that's also going to be another div so these two section need to be aligned together to show the data entirely >> yes I I'M GOING TO DO IT AGAIN. IT'S NOT my kid. What we had to do was cargo. You always go. >> No.

[16:56:24]
doesn't look.

[16:58:24]
Now we're going to bring the products right here. So in the card items, we will just simultaneously do the same thing what you did in the top. So you're going to take a D over here. We're going to just make that card items with quantities. clip that is there. Then we're going to map through it and every single map should be passing that a card item and over on the card item which need to be passing like uh providing a return over here and that return going to be let's say first we're going to make that as for the mobile layout and that should be a D or we can just pass that a products. Okay. So for the key

[16:59:01]
value here the key should be a card product card item and that should be card item dot product dot id. So that should be the card value here. So right now we can see the three product is available and that three product going to be matched with that three product because we are handling the similar data structure right now as we are having the product. So now we can provide all the product data together. So what I'm going to do it self here at the top. So let's just put a class name. I'm going to provide an space uh space y which going to be coming as the four. So instead of no need to provide that list effect flex column then gap four we can just provide that space y4 and then for the that's the positioning here for the div here we can just simply make that uh like um we will just provide a little bit of colorful design here so that it can be looks so different. So what we're doing we're passing a border border gray of 100. And as you can see this is right there but it's not showing that much. So

[17:00:01]
if I just make of 800 that time also no it's not showing at all. Uh okay border border gray rounded LG. Okay let's see LG border is zero. So we just the border is coming for let's say if we put one we can see that. So the border is only for the smaller screen. Now this going to be perfectly aligned for the mobile devices. So what I'm going to do uh so once we are coming in the mobile devices we're going to come back later on for the mobile devices. So first of all we're going to just go especially for the desktop devices right. So that should be let's say desktop layout for the current product. The desktop layout first it going to be coming that product info. So in the product info let's say uh I'm going to bring that. So first it going to be coming a div here. Then it going to be coming a link and after the link itself we're going to provide another div here. Uh so another div and on the div we're going to pass that current item dot product dot if the

[17:01:02]
image is there and then we're going to pass the image. So should be coming an image from the next image and if the image is not there we're going to pass simply simply going to pass a div here. Now the image tag going to be taking the proper let's say the source should be card item card item uh let's say card item dot product dot image okay and for that instances we need to provide the old parameter also that should be passing that card item product dot name so we know which product is coming accordingly and also we're going to make that the image should be fill and the class name should be object that should be passing at as cover right not contain but cover Now if the image is not available what we want to do we're going to pass a simp a simple uh shopping c icon and that card icon I'm going to just ping the style here a bit so that could be similar of uh this parameter

[17:02:00]
uh okay so from here like that oh no okay what you're missing I think I think I remove one of that key here. Okay, should be something like that. Okay, now what's the error here? We're going to find the link. We need to provide that href for the rink and for the href we will use the back tick right here. So the back tick going to be passing that it going to pass that product for slash and on that for slash we're going to pass that let's say should be card item uh dot product dot id. So that's where it going to routing us back. So we supposed to get after loading the data itself we're supposed to get the product right here and if there is no error okay you can see the image is so much bigger which should not so what we going to do especially here for the images parameter after the link we're going to put a class name which going to be I'm going to make it as a relative and which should be 20 and maximum height should be 20 and I'm

[17:03:01]
going to provide a background color gray of 100 and after that rounded should be LG overflow should be hidden and also So flex shrink should be uh not flex shrink just I think they named the property of the shrink as zero and then we also going to be making that whenever you're going to hover a scale of 105 and we're going to pass that hover effect that's it so now as you can see on see hub okay it's getting to the single page did it create the single page no but how but how the data is coming that is really that is really cool. Did he create the single page? I think so. Otherwise, it should not go. Yeah. Uh we have the product. Yeah, we created. Okay, that's my bad. I forgot. It's a long long project. So, I really forgot and still you are with me. Please do like the video and also subscribe the channel if you didn't do it yet. And okay, so after that we are having the

[17:04:01]
whole cover effect and other parameters. So after that link itself once the link is done we're going to have another div right on that div we're going to have another link which going to provide the name of that parameter. So H3 that should be coming let's say card item dot product dot name okay and the similar that link going to make the same href which we are passing right here. So if we go at the below layer here we can simply pass the h. Okay, there is extra one more and as you can see where is the name we are not seeing anything right now so the product cars parameter and the naming parameter okay uh we're not having anything we're going to provide a class name here should be flex item should be center we're going to provide a gap of three so as you can see right now we have the product quantity here and the the link I'm going to keep it as it is for the H3 uh for H3 class not the class But last name we're going to make

[17:05:00]
it a font of a medium and text should be gray of 900. You can use the default color value if you wanted to. Margin bottom is one line clamp should be two maximum two of the line and hub text should be let's say baby shop sky and we're going to pass that height uh we're going to pass that especially on that hub effect. Okay. So once we are clicking on that and once we click it going to do the same thing bringing back to in the smaller screen. So now this is the combination here for the link. After that link here we're going to also happen to let's say it going to be remove. So remove battle button and on the remove button we should be having a div and there we're going to pass the battle and that button going to say it going to be passing that trash to icon and after that it going to say the word remove. So that's what we are looking for. You can see the rainbow button. So now this button should be look like that. We we're going to fix that to make that align together. And

[17:06:00]
also we need to provide some of the color specification for the button. So let's say we're going to put a class name on that. Uh oh, I'm going to make it a flex item should be center and should be let's say I'm going to just make that I'm going to provide a gap of three. So that could be stay together for the button. I think that really needed. No. So because we doesn't have that we doesn't have the gap. So I'm going to just put the button all together. No need to have that deep right. And for the button here I'm going to provide a variant which going to be a ghost. And then we also need to be pass that let's say the size should be a small size. And then once we're going to make that on click event over here. Uh we're going to simply pass that it should be handling on that uh handle remove item. And here we're going to pass that let's say card item product dot id. So according to that id it going to remove. And also we need to pass the button some of the class name the text should be red of uh 200 red of 500. So

[17:07:02]
that would be good. And then hooer text should be red of 600. And after that we're going to uh let's say hooer bg should be red of 50. So that a little bit background notation here. Padding should be zero. height should be auto and text should be extra small and we're going to pass that over effect right now. So that would be similar that uh right now uh we can make the padding instead of padding zero padding one should be good on there so that the button could be looks uh amazing right now what we need to do is that especially for this one uh see the trash icon not it's coming bigger and now side by side so we need to pull that trigger to make it together so right now what I want to do this is our button right and also this is the div which containing the button and others Right. So now what we need to do this is the div here which containing the image. This is the div like image and the text. So now which containing the image and text we need to

[17:08:01]
provide some of the class name right here. Put a class name. LG should be call span of uh six or LG should be call span of six. We're going to make it a flex. Item should be center and gap should be let's say I'm going to provide a gap of four. So that you can see is coming side by side. Right? uh and the thing is that it should not be coming side by side because we are not providing any other parameter uh and I think so in the desktop layout as we providing the six so this is the value here which need to be implemented so here we're going to pass that hidden LG grid and LG should be grid of columns of 12 gap four item center padding Y six border B border gray uh 100 so this is the combination you see and if we click any of the product you see it's going to be uh removing Okay. So even when you come here I think in the real time if this is the product coming from there it should be removed also. I don't know if it's come connect. Yeah it's connecting at live. So it's also removing from there. Now as we have that we got our

[17:09:00]
card items. We got our product information. Right. So as we happen to get that product information this is our time to bring so many other parameter like it going to bring the price it going to bring the quantity and also it's going to bring up another value which going to be coming as the subtotal. This is sub total. So these three things need to be coming together for the price. What we need to do to provide the price itself. So I'm going to provide a div and and then we're going to just make that let's say we should be coming on that price formatter here and on that formatter we will provide the value here. So the amount should be cut item uh cut item dot product dot price. Okay that should be the amount and also for their class name alg should be call span as two. So should be call span as two and after that the text should be center align and also we can provide some of the class name here and the class name which going to contradict on that we're going to

[17:10:00]
provide that text should be base font should be medium. So the font should be medium and also we're going to provide that text of gray of uh let's say we're going to we're going to keep it as 900 or you can provide the black color. So now we have the color. So this is the standard price the similar pattern which you're following to. Now we need to have the quantity button here to show the other details. Right? So to do the quantity button we're going to go over here. Either you can bring back the quantity statement here. So you can see we have a quantity I think uh or we can just simply bring that. Okay. We can simply create those three statement. So that should be one D which going to be happen to be a button like uh we can just see the structure. This is the button minus one item and the plus icon. So let's say I'm going to just provide that that should be the minus right and here after the minus there should be let's say there should be a P tech which going to be having a quantity right and then should be another dip which going to be happen to be have the price so the

[17:11:00]
plus icon so this going to be together the three petron right here so I'm going to put a class name LG should be call span of two so that's what we are believing on that flex justifies should be center so right now you can see the three value together is just putting on the line to having a very very good standard but we need to make things better. We need to fuel things up for having some better adjustment. Right now what we can do is that instead of providing those we can actually mapping through over another div here so that we can pass that and for the deep we're going to put a class name flex item should be center we're going to provide a border border should be gray of 300 and then also we're going to provide that let's say rounder should be LG overflow should be hidden you can do that in the top layer or you can do it right here doesn't matter at all now what I'm going to do first of all I'm going to take instead of the deep right here I'm going to take a button right that will do all the purposes now in the button there should be a minus icon here

[17:12:00]
and that minus icon going to do the player things whatever you're looking forward which should be four height should be four so now you can see the button is right there now the button should be the variant of uh let's say the variant we're going to provide a variant of ghost variant and then we're going to make the size of the small size and also whenever we're going to on click on the particular button what we are going to do is that we're going to just simply uh run a function which going to be handle change quantity uh not like that uh handle change quantity not why is checkout is coming should be handle oh handle quantity change and over here you're going to pass that card item dot product dot id that should be the id where it can handle over there and then the card item dot quantity we're going to just minus one because it going to minusing the value over there Right. And also for the button itself, we can provide some of the class name which going to be height of 10. We're going to provide a width of 10. And then

[17:13:00]
we're going to also provide a padding should be zero. And then we're going to make that let's say hubar should be b of gray of 50. And then uh not like that gray of gray of 50. And we're going to make that border should be zero. And also rounder should be none. So this is our button structure right now. And you can see this is not so good pattern what we are looking forward to and especially for the deep you can either keep it as deep or you can put the plain value which you're going to have. So this is the quantity structure which you're looking forward to little bit bigger than as usual what you're doing we're providing height 10 weight like that and as you can see if we put the quantity say it should be 200 you can see it's structuring over there so it could not be more than 200 on like so. So now what we going to do we're going to just copy the previous button from there and over in the div where we are going to be passing there we're going to pass that instead of minus should be the plus icon here. So it's save you can see the icon

[17:14:01]
and in and the quantity change what we're going to do instead of passing that minus we're going to just passing to have the icon have the item as the plus item. Now if you go and add more you can see whenever we click you can see that's uh what we are actually getting that we can minus the value we can change the quantity there. Now you can do some more parameter you can you know if the quantity is minus value it going to remove the item from there. Now we can do to add some more products here. So we can just go simultaneously adding some more product. Now it's adding to the card. We have the entire statement which looks so good. You see smaller screen is still not showing nothing but we going to go manipulate and provide that data. Now after the parameter we should be provide one subtotal value here which going to be like that which going to be passing that subtotal value getting the card item dot price product dot price into card item dot quantity which going to bring back our subtotal parameter. So if two product if I make three the quantity

[17:15:00]
going to be changing making 45 you can like whenever we are clicking on that you can you can pass a loading and you know that product should be fed till that loading now if you you can click multiple time you know so you can freeze that till it's updated it's up to you I'm going to keep that feature whatever is right there that looks perfect for me so now what we can do as we are passing there so this is the div here then after the div here we could be having some calc actions Right? That action is going to be implementing like continue shopping, clear card like so. So first it should be a link and on that link should be passing a button on the button going to be let's say uh it going to be passing that arrow left icon. So arrow left and here at the button passing that continue uh shopping right continue shopping. Okay. uh link should be passing an href href parameter which going to be passing that shop. Okay. So now it should be coming at the below. You can see the

[17:16:00]
continue shopping parameter. Now over here we're going to make that as a flex. Flex should be the column proportion by default. And smaller skin flex should be row. And then also justify should be between and item should be stretch. And then we're going to make a small should be item should be center. And also we're going to provide a gap of three. And then margin top should be eight. I think that would be fine. And padding top should be let's say six. And also should be uh border should border should be top and uh note the tail should be top border t. And we're going to provide a border of gray of 200. Okay. Uh not like that. Okay. Just border gray of 200. That's it. So now uh it should be implementing the scenario I think. Uh yeah it's it's coming. Uh not yet. Why? Why didn't come yet? This is the structurable data. It should uh okay you can see the running pier

[17:17:01]
formatting. So I think there is something is running which is not good to go. So I'm going to just provide it a little bit time while it's configuring the data layer to be go on. Sometimes it can happen once the caching is going on. If you can just simply make the reload the window what I did here then it will automatically uh fix the error for you people. Now what's actually we're doing we are making that continue shopping button. So the button itself need to be aligned together. We're going to make the variant uh the variant should be let's say I'm going to provide the variant of outline. It doesn't matter about that second bracket. Okay either without second bracket it will work but as it's coming you know just keep it it does it will not make any problem for you. So should be algae. Now after that put a class name which should be full and as skin which should be let's say it should be auto and also round should be full and the padding act should be eight. So that is the button what you're looking forward to. Now this is the one button which we are having which going to be passing with the link and after

[17:18:00]
the link we're going to having another button right that button going to pass that clear card. So that will especially clear our entire card the same variant we're going to use that. So the variant should be outline and then we're going to also make the size should be LG screen screen size. So you can see that's something coming over there. Then we're going to simply pass that two separate parameter on on click is function is going on. We're going to simply make that handle clear which going to open the model. Right? Now it will do nothing because we didn't pass the model to open. Right? So this is the value where we are passing and compassing all together. Now as you can see we need to provide the calculation layer like how the card value should be passing through. So the calculator so the calculation value as you can see that's the value which going to be passing that card total subtotal shipping tax and your quality uh your qualify for free shipping or not total item proceed to check out and little masses over there. So we're going to just to be implementing this method. So

[17:19:03]
first of all we're going to happen to be let's say a div here then coming an H2 button should be cut totals. So that would be the value here you can see this is right there and for this one what I'm going to put a class name X uh LG devices should be let's say call span of one. So this going to be entire one span parameter and then actually instead of two I think uh you can also make it within the one statement here you can see we are not needing that particular parameter to go on you know it's it's just an h2 tag so what we can do put a class name text should be excel font should be bold and text should be gray of 900 you can put any other text and margin bottom should be six now as the coming span of uh that parameter bj should be Baby shop white color is there. Then you're going to provide a a surrounded of two axel which going to be like before and I think we're going to provide a border border gray of 100 shadow asm I think till shadow that is

[17:20:02]
fine also we're going to provide uh I think the padding yeah padding we're going to provide that and we're going to provide is sticky and top should be four uh not four but let's say I'm going to provide a 32 up top let's say what it going to uh no it's it's not uh handling that or I think no need the sticky parameter just provide or pass the padding value and height should be so whatever the height we are passing that height it will contain now this is the parameter for the totals uh like the color totals and after that we're going to have a div and then we're going to have another div we're going to have an span tag which going to say subtotal value right subtotal and after the subtotal we're going to pass that price formatter here in the price formatter we're going to provise that amount which you're going to be passing that calculate subtotal function and that's going to take the class name text as base. So the text should be base one

[17:21:01]
should be medium and then we're going to also passing that let's say uh we're going to also pass that text of gray of 900. You can just make the black color. You can see that's the subtotal value but we need to make something better align. So the first itself the first one over here at the top we're going to put a class name a space y should be four. So we're going to provide a gap in between or I think I'm going to make things smaller here so that you can see it properly. So that's going to be like that little bit smaller. Now after that in the span tag what uh we're going to do going to provide a class name in the span tech should be gray of 600. Okay, that should be the text here. And this div it cell put a class name flex I'm going to provide let's say flex item should be item should be center justify should be between so that it can be look better padding y should be two providing a gap if you see the background color you can see that padding is working

[17:22:00]
perfectly and after that the span parameter uh so I think this is looks cool so um not not any problem at all I think that could be similar of the subtotal value here and okay yeah that's good so now this the similar parameter and similar pattern is coming for the other parameter so what I'm going to do I'm going to copy that so this is our first init uh first parameter where we are passing the subtotal then we're going to pass our let's say it going to be coming as the shipping if it's more than 500 we're providing the free shipping and after the shipping we should be passing to separate parameter also so this is the div here after This div we're going to have to move div itself. So one div is going to coming with the tax amount where going to be calculate subtotal into that's the value which the tax amount which you provide 0.8. So you can check at the top either you can provide the key if you're looking for what you see is the subtotal. So that's you can like just keep uh you can provide a value like uh you can just simply go here let's say

[17:23:02]
pound taxore uh tax rate. So now what you can do you can simply pass the tax rate instead of uh like that you can simply go with the tax rate and the similar pattern uh it can pass by here also instead of directly putting the static value you can simply pass the tax rate that's it that's how you can do work in a very very good fashion now if the calculate for the calculate subtotal when it's more than 100 like if I make it 1,000 you see that value it will not see it not be seen So same thing you can do you can put in a variable or either you can go with your env in the client you can provide that here also that would be fine that would be absolutely perfect but I'm going to go with that it's up to you how so I'm keeping the room for your creativity to shine now after the div here so this is the uh this is the div so after the div we're going to have that separator okay separator going to

[17:24:01]
be coming from UI which going to be coming a class name margin MOI should be four so that one line should be aligned there and after the separator we're going to be coming let's say it should be passing that another div similar pattern right so if we just copy this portion uh now this portion let's say I'm going to show you one thing here if I copy this one so let's say this the div which going to containing the entire parameter now you see this coming of the text instead of text we're going to provide that total right total amount or you can just simply go with uh the value uh and here instead of this one what we're going to do we're going to simply pass the total value. So calculate total right. So now it going to pass the total value. You see this adding this value here and just getting 637 right. So now after the to div here what we need to do we need to have a button which going to happen to be let's say that would be uh the two button it

[17:25:00]
going to coming with the like coming with a parameter of if checking out. So if there is a checking out going to be passing something if there is no checking out should be proceed to check out. So now right now you're going to see that the proceed to check out button is right there because it's not checking out right. So if there is the checking out is going on we are going to do some of the parameter which going to say that creating order. If I just make that in you can see creating order that loader going to be go by and for the button here we're going to provide a s not like that for the button we're going to provide the size so the size should be algid and after that we also going to be on click we're going to make that handle check out so that's going to be working on that and the disable it going to be disabled uh when we are going to passing that let's say is checking out is there if that one is coming there or if we have that let's

[17:26:00]
say card item with quantities is a dot dot length dotlength is equal to zero means there is no item to be calculated right that time it going to be zero and what we going to do we're going to provide some of the class name for it okay that's already providing that so remove that so the class name which should be full margin top is four instead of passing that black you can simply Use that baby shop black and also similar of that you can use that baby shop white. Okay, that could be very good and rounded full and padding white three font medium decibel opacity of 500 decel cursor not allowed. So this how it going to render. You can see it's getting off the 404 page because it doesn't have the checkout page. Later on we're going to implement that and after the button itself we can also happen to be providing another div here which just going to be having the secure checkout SSL encrypted right so now we doesn't have the smaller screen setup for the

[17:27:01]
card product right so we have the bigger screen product but we doesn't have for the mobile devices remember we did it before and we go with the layout for the uh for the desktop design right so over here the similar fashion It could be aligned together as you can see the card items which we are landing over here that should be the mobile layout. Now what's actually happen to be in the mobile layout right I'm copy pasting but it doesn't mean there is nothing I'm going to show you what actually we are dealing here. So first of all first and foremost what actually we're building as you can see in the mobile layout we are providing a block in the smaller screen LG it going to be hidden everything we're keeping in flex flex start motion oh now we are providing the image the similar image the link parameter which we did before then we are passing the details and flex one mean weight zero and here we are passing that uh of the name like the product name and later on we are providing the price and also the other information we are providing the

[17:28:01]
subtotal because we are providing adding that total value in three separate conical value and after that we're also putting that icon the similar parameter which you did before then we happen to be get that subtotal and remove button and now this function it going to work similar the way it's supposed to be it going to work it's going to work similar parameter you can remove the product and once you remove you can run in loader if you wanted to so that's up to you and the way you are looking forward to now what we need to do is that remember we have that handle checkout if you go like that handle checkout function. So this is the function which are going to do so many other parameter. You see if there is no token you must loged in router.push you are going to be user checkout. We are not happen to get any checkout page right so what I'm going to do I'm going to create a new page called checkout page.tsxce that should be checkout page. So let's just bring back to checkout. Now

[17:29:00]
whenever we're going to just directly push that value proceed to check out we are now coming here in the checkout screen. So whatever we're going to do right now we need to go and fix things in our checkout screen because car is okay. Now there is one thing is pending in the card right not okay yet because in the card once we are making the things to make the clear card nothing is showing right and because we need to get the model for the clear card confirmation model. So what I'm going to do, I'm going to come at the bottom of the card parameter. It's a big big there. So you can remove certain position if you're looking forward to here. What I'm going to do, I'm going to pass that uh let's say clear card. So it should be clear card confirmation model. Okay, I'm going to pass an alert. That should be alert dialogue here from the UI alert. And over here I'm going to make that alert dialogue. Let's say it going to be contain. Okay. So that would be content and in the content I'm going

[17:30:00]
to make that alert dialogue header, right? And on that header I'm going to provide that uh let's say should be alert dialogue title. So the title would be let's say clear alert right now even though you are passing that value it's not going to open because in the alert dialogue we need to show the open once it going to open. So show clear dialogue and how as you can see right now on if I just reload here because it's getting the true value that's why it's right there you see the clear card. So now we're going to design a bit so that could be little decent one. So now on open change so that's the value which going to be there on it can be open and after that we're going to go and render the value if that is not open then what it going to do set show clear dialogue should be false. So right now how it going to work if you click uh anywhere it will not disappear yet but we have that feature at there if we clear card uh we need to

[17:31:01]
cancel because that's a very clear alert. So we need to get the user uh uh user pattern to go and pass that by. Now for the clear of card after the clear card we need to have to have that let's say clear uh alert alert dialogue description right in the description we're going to pass that are you let's say sure to are you sure you want to clear your card and this action uh cannot be undone and all items will be will be removed from your earth right that could be the message over there and after that we should be like uh in the footer here so after the header you see after header portion we're going to also happen to be that alert dialogue uh not alert dialog footer in the footer we

[17:32:00]
should be happen to be two button which going to be alert dialogue cancel so in the cancel so that could be a button should be cancel. So in the cancel what we're going to do, we're going to make an on click parameter and on the on click event we're going to make that let's say set show clear dialogue which going to be false. So that's going to be the parameter which can cancel. So let's clear card and also we need to provide some of that parameter right there and after that after this portion here I'm going to just copy this same ination. So that would be the second button. So here we're going to pass that let's say it going to be uh yes clear and for that itself we're going to provide a class name we're going to provide the bg of red of 600 let's say a 600 color and also hover over h over bg of red 700 and I'm going to pass that hub effect and I'm going to pass that text

[17:33:01]
should be let's say baby shop. Uh we can use that color if you're looking forward to uh instead of red directly we can use that baby shop red and we can use that opacity of 800 and over here we can simply pass that like that. So it should be BJ now you see okay um let's say Uber X should be baby shop white I'm going to keep it like this. So okay there there is certain changes is right there. Okay clear alert dialog baby shop rate Uber effect. Oh there is a shadow white. There should be shadow Uber text should be baby shop baby shop white. That's it. So yeah now you can see if I

[17:34:01]
click yes you can see enter cut item should be removed. Now once we are removing that now we didn't pass the function to remove it. Uh that's you can see that should be uh clearly remove that. So that would be confirm clearcut right. So uh okay confirm the clear card and that could be done. So now once you're running the confirm clearcut card you can see the clearcut going to set show dialogue also we can pass that set loading is loading should be true and we can comes in the finally and then we can pass that set loading should be falseh okay that should be true and false now what going to happen if I going to clear cut you see it's going to popping up that alert which is to be good to provide that and you can have a proper idea if the live is not there but we're adding it right there and also we're going to push that in the live Because what I'm doing right now, we are actually providing that a baby shop especially in a different motion. So we're going to come back in a very soon with that property. So right

[17:35:01]
now what we can do here once we click proceed to check out we are going back directly in our checkout page. Right. The card is done. So now every single thing need to be handled especially on the checkout terms. So that it can be really cool to do that. And also we can do the similar pattern instead of providing the data here. I don't want to make it a client side. If you want if you want to make you can make it that doesn't because what I really want that you can take some advantages from here if you are understanding a bit uh better you can find the tune. Okay. So what I'm going to do so bring back the common and the pages. I'm going to create another file which going to be checkout page line.tsx orce. that should be checkout page client. Okay. So over here instead of that positioning we're going to simply pass that check out page uh not like that checkout page client.

[17:36:01]
Okay. So you can see the checkout page client is loaded. So now what we can do we can start building our checkout page which going to be a pretty much heck of a things because there would be a lot of parameter our payment integration our order modulation everything going to be working together there so be make sure you are understanding it properly take your coffee take a little little bit of rest if you're still still here then start with me because there are a lot of calculation lot of parameter going to handle together in the checkout first we're going to start the similar pattern which we uh did before. So first of all, if we just come back here, this should be the page should be entirely as an use client flag. So we're going to make that one as a use client. And over here, we're going to just bring back our existed parameter. We're going to provide that our order item like the order which going to be order API. Then also going to be coming as an order is uh the address. The address going to be coming from the lib API. I think the order which uh this should be the order

[17:37:01]
type. Uh I believe so. Note the actual API resolution here. Uh let me just check that should be order. Okay. So yeah it could be coming like that. So then we're going to also happen to be get the use search params. We're going to get the use router uh and not the next router should be coming from the next navigation and also for the user store. I'm going to make it a little bit bigger so that you can see it properly and also going to be passing that use user store. Now what actually going to be there? As you can see we have the order. So we're going to order set order especially to get back the order in the real time. We're going to passing that loading set loading processing set processing also we are processing the order and doing the other tricks. Then we're also going to be finding that O loading set o loading selected address set selected address which going to be type as an address and address set address value which will be there should be is creating order set is creating order once we're going to create it should be

[17:38:00]
volenal so it going to be showing an alert model we're going to also passing the search params we're going to passing that router from use router and al token of user is authenticated verify passing from use user store getting the card items with quantities clear card from the use card store then also getting the order ID. If we are passing the order from the search params get id which going to bring back us our order ID. Now first thing first we need to verify our authentication right. So what I'm going to do after that already it's already it going to be verified from the layout but we can go and maximize on that. So uh verify so verify authentication on component mount and there we're going to use that use effect parameter here as is the use client. So it should not be having a problem whenever we're going to using that our use like use effect parameter. So here what we're going to do we're going to just create a simple function which going to be like a cross check out and set out loading should be

[17:39:00]
true or token if there is a token and no user you know await verify all we need to wait for verification and whenever verify then we can stay on that parameter right so should be the out token should be the alu uh al user uh al user and also the verify that could take place so right now nothing going to happen you can see it going to be just as simple as right now and after that we also need to be passing that so what I'm going to do in that particular use effect we did the verify token here so verify the o and after that we're going to having another token so you can see we're going to particularly we're going to do a lot of parameter right so let's toast so over here what we are going to do I'm going to also get that things done to be there first about initializing the checkout. So before that we're going to go at the use effect which is that if O loading return. So if there is O loading means no O it will

[17:40:00]
return the value and also it going to check if there is user or authentication is there or not otherwise also going to make return then it going to load the user address. If O user dot address is there and O user address length is bigger than zero means we have the user address then because if we just come back over here and go to the proceed to check out page right there as you can see so I'm going to click and redirect to check out as you can see this value is not founding you can see we need to add the address without address we cannot select the parameter to go to click and continue and then we can go directly after continue to provide the have itself. So right now this is the thing we are loading the user address whenever is mounting or the first mounting we are loading the address and if there is the address is there it should be an array of address we are putting the set address of user address and if all user address length is equal to one what we do we making that set selected address should be the first one

[17:41:00]
if a single address is there it should be the selected right and if multiple address value is there the default address should be user address dotfind and should be address dot default and here we are setting the address as a default address otherwise should be the o address or zero value. So this is the function which handling that property of to create the addresses parameter. Then also we're making the initialize checkout which going to be a synchronous function. First of all set loading getting true try if we have the order ID you know we are feting the order directly and cost order ID a way to get order by ID because we can land here if the order is not paid yet we can whenever we're going to click to pay that order going to redirect back to our user check out from where user can see the value and can pay it or you can directly pay using this type is up to you so that value can be working out together so here we are just getting order according to the order ID and also getting to the out token If we have the order data, we are setting order as the order data. Otherwise, we are providing

[17:42:01]
the error. We are pushing to the card. Else if we have the card item card items with quantities length is equal to zero. You know your card is empty also. We are passing that user card. Then we are passing the create a temporary order object for display. So the temporary order is coming ID should be the temporary ID user ID user ID items getting for the items there. And we are mapping through the items regarding getting the product ID, name, price, quantity and the image. Also getting the total value from there. Status is spending shipping address by default getting zero created at getting to and the string updated set order should be the temporary order to create that. Then we are just making it by false and then initializing the checkout which dependency on that order ID O token router is authenticated user loading and third items with quantity. There's a lot of things you can uh remove some of the portion to go by and you can also act some of the portion to keep on that. Now after that again if I go one by one typing at all it going to be take a huge

[17:43:01]
time so I'm copy pasting but you can monitor it and you can change the criteria you can ask yourself we needing it or not then you can decide for you can ask questions on yourself. Now you're going to have the handle address update. So the update address going to be value as an address an array of addresses set address should be the updated address. Now if the updated address length is equal to zero we are passing the selected address like that. So whenever we're going to selecting the address it going to change the value. Else if update address length is one. So we are now getting the default value here. So this is the way we are selecting the address. That's it. Now we're going to do the same variation. Remember I keep it multiple times so that at least you can have to be have understanding on that because now is the time for AI nobody is looking the code they are typing so I'm keeping that keeping some extra code so you can have little bit of time on yourself you can trigger your uh enigma and try to

[17:44:00]
resolve those parameters wherever I'm putting an extra that's that's the work for you I'm keeping it if you try you are welcome if it doesn't try you know even you the code will Now we're going to have the calculate subtotal. That's how it going to get to order. If there is no order item, we're passing that as zero. Otherwise, we're getting the order item just reduce. We're getting the price into quantity. Also, the calculate shipping item, the same shipping. What I recommend you keep in a variable at the ENB. And in this production layer code, this is right there already passing to an ENB. Then we have the calculate tax. We have the calculate total. So, we are good to go. Then also we're going to happen to have a like uh for especially for the stripe checkout portion. So redirect to checkout which uh need to be coming right now is nothing there. I'm going to keep it right now. So later on we're going to provide that and also need to provide the checkout session or what we can do. I'm going to keep it. Okay. I'm going to make that let's say handle describe checkout

[17:45:03]
of function. Okay. uh function and we can just simply make that handle stripe strip checkout. We're going to just simply pass that empty value. Okay, handle stripe checkout. So later on we're going to bring that up. Okay, so first of all remember the way we are showing the loading beforehand. We're going to do the same trick right here also. That could be our loading. So instead of passing loading here, you can see what we did before. We can simply cut that. We don't want to keep it right here. What we're going to do, we're going to go in our skeleton. We're going to pass that checkout is skeleton.tsx. RFC. Okay. C. Here we're going to pass that our checkout is skeleton. And that could be passing a skeleton value. UI skeleton. And also we need to get our container. That's it. So now we can simply pass over here should be checkout

[17:46:04]
uh check out a skeleton. Okay. So now if I just go over here and also passing the autoloading you can see just a similar fashion of the card. So now you can you can change the design if you're looking forward to. So whenever it's loading we're going to pass that and also if there is no order according to the item is right here. If some by mistake if somebody is just plugging on there you know we need to provide a particular data layer so user can understand they're in wrong place. So if I just go there is no order we can just simply pass that order not found the order you're looking for doesn't exist or has been removed return to cards. So there we can pass the value the order is placed we can remove the card once you're passing directly from there. So this is how we can really make things done. So if there is no order we can pass the value accordingly. So right now what I'm going to do this is the similar structure of the card. You can see we are passing that all the details we are passing the payment method. So the

[17:47:00]
design it could be something similar but what you can do instead of the div I'm going to just put that I'm going to go a little bit fast and forward but you need to paste down the way you are understanding it. So class name padding y should be eight. Okay done. And after that we're going to also make that let's say page bedcom. And over here we're going to simply pass that item should be let's say uh I'm going to provide an item label should be uh it should be cart or it should be checkout okay checkout no label should be yes cart so that could be the second parameter here and the href should be let's say h should be for/cart so that would be it can go directly in the cart parameter and then uh the current page should be it should be passing that checkout page So check out right chk checkout. So that's the check out page and after that show social show social icons should be false right now it is it

[17:48:01]
still because by default it's the falsy value so we no need to pass that one. Okay so it's save okay where is the check out okay I just close that. So check out uh check out page client. So now we have the breadcrumb. Then here we can pass the simple title here which can showcase this is the checkout or you can see the checkout complete your order. The same thing going to be passing it together. So one thing it's going to be order details another could be the order summary. So here I'm going to maximize on that. So let's say we're going to pass a div here and then we're going to pass a comment here which going to be passing that order details and then it should be the div. Then another dip going to be coming here which going to be passing that order summary and that dip going to be entertaining there. So two separate dip which going to be entertaining all the uh parameter and props. So that could be highlighting all together in a very very good and decent

[17:49:00]
manner. So right now as we can see we can go with the suspend boundary later on but right now we're going to just provide the data layer to be making things done. So as you can see uh we're going to go and build up all together in a very good fashion. So let's start with that in the first segment. So we're going to show here the details. So over here at that particular tip we're going to do make some work over there and as you see here first it will be for that addresses right. So there we're going to uh get the addresses. So we'll bring it up and then we're going to also have our order items right order items. So this should be aligned all together. Okay, all the items and then it the both should be aligned together to make that things work perfectly and after that we also have to get that payment information right so these three things going to be coming together at the very very left side so first of all uh before

[17:50:02]
pulling that address so I'm going to just keep it a div here so should be addresses okay so I'm going to bring it after that now I'm going to work with that div as we have the other credential to provide the data for the older details. I'm going to just go to bring one H2 tag which going to say older details. So in the order details of course the class name we're going to make that text should be excel and our font should be let's say I'm going to make it bold uh not black should be bold and also I'm going to make that text gray of 900 and after that margin bottom of six. So this could be the credential for that uh scenario for the all the details segment and also I'm going to go with a certain commotion here which going to be providing that style for it. Okay, should be like not like that I think bring on more. So now here as you can see the all the details having a

[17:51:01]
kind of certain kind of scenario by which it can project the data and others and after that H2 going to have another div and then we're going to make that order dot items dot uh dot map. So we're going to map through the entire item segment and we're going to take item and we're going to take the index from there as to go through the mapping positioning here and you're going to return here we're going to return a div here. So let's say I'm going to say uh product right and also for that he should be let's say I'm going to uh index to string I'm going to make that string. So it can be uh manually uh as you can see we have three product and we can get we also uh show that three line of setup there. So now over here it could be very very simple structure and very very uh like a simple scenario. So what I'm going to do I'm going to drop those things what's actually going to be within this uh within this parameter. So

[17:52:01]
this is the dip and over here in the dip we're going to have the price formatter and of course I'm going to explain everything to you. Then we have our image. So right now what's actually we are showcasing for every single products here. Okay. Credit card image from the set react. Okay. So now we are for all the products as we are mapping through here and bringing back together. What we did we did particularly showing that image uh for that particular product. Then if there is no image right if we have no image then it will just show a card. You can see that's the design only. Now you can modify it make it better. You can put a dummy image for your order circulation and you can do the other things. Then we are having that uh HR3 for the item name and also having the quantity and also the price formatter. As you can see you can do now there will be no increasing decreasing or delete button because it's just a summary just a viewpoint where user can view what's happening around right and

[17:53:02]
before uh filing on that uh I also need to do some uh work here as you can see the all the details right here so over here we need to make a positioning here for the class name I'm going to make it a grid and the grid column should be let's say one and an LG devices This is a great cause of three and also I'm going to put a gap of eight. Now as we did that as you can see we have two deep right. So what I'm going to do I'm going to make that class name over there LG call span should be two. So it going to take that uh two separate is uh and space of type uh like properly going to be blended through. So and also I'm going to make that that one better to be have six. Okay. So as you can see it's taking the two column of space because right now is a three column parameter right. So it's getting two and other two is just perfectly fine to work with. So now this is what we are building right now actually to go and hinder all the

[17:54:01]
possibilities to make things uh cool down. So now we have the order details then we're going to also happen to be getting that where is the other one we have the order items then we must to bring that order summary. Uh not the summary should be here. So we bring the order items. Okay. So now we're going to summarize the order like how how much orders it's going to be. So summarization going to be uh coming at very layer. Now as you can see the payment information that should be top okay because the summary it would be go later on. So now what's I'm going to do here uh let's just bring back the payment information and I think that should be note here on top of that. Okay. And for this one we are bringing that lock icon. We are also bringing that check icon circle. And that's it. Now in the order information what actually showcasing uh payment information either you can by

[17:55:01]
default you can go with the stripe checkout payment and secure payment in this stripe and also you can uh go through the cash and delivery module that's up to you whatever you want to following through it but it can work both in a similar way. Now for the payment information our key is already here. So for the payment information what we're doing we are just showing that payment information and we are providing a credit card and a stripe checkout payment just details about to magnima like significantly adore what's actually we're building. Now what's we need to do we need to provide that address selection because remember without providing the address the user should not be able to get the data. So of course we need to make this things very very aligned. So what I'm going to do uh in that uh pages so in the components uh let's say I'm going to create another file which going to be address selection.tsx. So that should be

[17:56:00]
address right. So over here I'm going to bring that. So instead of this entire proportion it going to be address selection. So now you can see address is right there. But we're going to do something more right from the address selection we need to provide some of the props should be let's say I'm going to provide four of the props here regarding the address parameter. So first thing first it going to be go through the selected address whatever address we had been selected also it going to be do the other proportion on select uh which going to be set selected address so should be null value true false value then also it going to be address all the address data and on address update so as you can see at the top layer the function is right there which going to be update our addresses now let's go back here because we need to provide the perfect typing for these interfaces so Now right now what we going to do for the address props it going to be coming the type as address. So should be types there. And

[17:57:02]
now what I'm going to do uh in that particular significant parameter it can go with that react. FC should be uh FC which are quotationing that functional component. And after that we're going to simply pass that address uh no address selection pops. Okay. So that's the pops we are uh talking about. Now as we having been the props we can now dig down to bring everything like we can get the selected address we can get that on address change. So all the parameter is right there. So also you can get dress update address update and on address update. So now all value is right there. So what we can do we can now work properly to align it all together. But before going further what we need to do we need to have certain kind of uh like certain kind of state here to work with that. The first is that which we are talking about to grab it for that is uh like the dialogue open or state is dialog open for to get the information

[17:58:01]
and also we're going to grab it for that uh format data by which we're going to functioning all the data components then also we are bringing the user from the user store especially for the user and al token because we're going to needing that one later on and then we having that uh loading and is loading parameter right so So in the use effect parameter what we can do we uh I'm going to just drop those everything then explain to you because this is the similar uh functionality which we did earlier. So nothing new here but having a different approach right. So first of all what's we are doing actually here let's say we are bringing that in in the use fact we are calling some of the component that is dialogue open or not which whenever the receipt form is closed called the dialogue should be on go on that one and we have the receipt form. So that's the first instances. So that's the receipt form it should be making everything as an empty and here it will call. So every time every time uh if is at dialogue

[17:59:01]
open it will receive the enter from right and then also we have the handle addresses by which we are just grabbing the addresses from API. So what's actually we doing so let's say add addresses so now uh what we doing as you can see so handle addresses going to be handle all the address functioning. So now first of all what if there is no user no o token if there is no user no odd token he he might not be here that's the first attempt but to make sure that our function did not run even anyone just crossassing here we are returning that if we doesn't find the o user if we doesn't find the o token but user should be returned from there then we're making the set loading true and in the try cost uh try catch value you see the cache and finally using the same uh quotation and in the result what we doing await at address we are getting to the out address ID from data out token then we are updating that on address function that's

[18:00:01]
what we are running here so now after running that we have the toast methods which going to be handling success set add dialog so this is going to just simply add our address within our database also you can do the edit address which going to be making that update address you can either keep it here or best thing is that you can directly go and keep it in your profile. Now this will update. This will delete the address from here. You can also delete the address but it's not a good practice but for instances we're just keeping it right here. You can do it or you can go through it open edit dialogue which going to open the dialog module and that's it. So now what we going to do here? So let's say instead of that deep we're going to use a simple card property and in the card put a class name. I'm going to provide a full width length. Right? So as you can see that's going to get the entire full with structure and then we're going to happen to get that card header. So in the cart header we're going to have that let's say card title. So in the cart title it

[18:01:01]
would be a shipping address. Right? So you see that's the title which we are talking about and for the car title put a class name should be a flex item should be actually this is not mandatory because uh this going to be a simple structure here. Now after that we're going to have that cart contained. So in the cart contained it going to be mapping through all the addresses the user have addresses. Length if is there right if we have the addresses is equal to zero then we're going to provide something like no addresses no addresses added and if then we're going to put something at. So let's say uh uh okay we have addresses uh no we doesn't have it okay we have addresses yes so right now uh I'm going to just putting the quotation here like the notation so this is going to happen on we are having to be no addresses available right okay I think I uh bring

[18:02:02]
something more maybe okay so okay it's going to Okay, like that with some error pops because we need to bring all of those things. Okay, I'm going to show you also what's actually happening so that you will understand. We have the dialogue and dialogue figure and of course you may slightly think that's I'm just copy pasting what we are doing. But if you go through entire structure like entire playlist, you see we did all those things right? So I want you to trigger your creativity to do something more and do something better to initialize how it going to work and how you can bring your creativity because this is a long video, long project. So now you know that a lot of things which I'm building here you have the idea. So I just want you to have a freedom to test what actually can be

[18:03:00]
built or which need to be built right now. Okay. So right now if we go here at the top if I just close. So right now as you can see uh I'm going to just okay that map pin should be available. So what I'm going to do I'm going to make that as you know crossing down. So what it going to happen if I just open you see it going to go through add a new address which going to like add address and the validation is right there. And what actually we are doing here uh okay right now as we update I can simply remove that. Okay. So here what we're doing if we doesn't have the address we're just showing the map pin icon icon that no shipping address found this details here then add your first address parameter and once you click on that add your first is you see it's add added this the model going to be open and also add your first address and then add new address. So whenever you're going to clicking it will automatically start adding the address. We have the street of the city, we have the postal code and

[18:04:00]
we have country code and others. So this is the simple formation. So if you doesn't know how to do that configuration by yourself, you know, you can go through the entire code structure and then you can add it. So now what's going to happen once we have the code, right? So once we have the code, we're going to make that let's say it if the addresses dolength if it's just one, right? If is one, what it going to do? it going to do let's say div and then it going to make that let's say going to be pag your address has been automatically uh selected for shipping okay uh addresses okay I need to remove that null check because we are happen to be have the addresses So let's go here and remove this. Okay. So now as the first address going to be

[18:05:01]
popping up. So means we have the addresses. What we will pass a simple message right that your address going to be by default as a shipping address. So put a class name margin bottom should be four and a padding should be three video should be green of 50 and also border should be green of 200 and rounded going to be LG. So this is just masses passing layer. You can add some more icon here to make it more valuable or more batter. This up to you. Text should be asim and our text should be green of 800. Okay, something like that. And of course we can also bring a simply a icon or you know a text notation. So this is going to showing here that this just going to be as your shipping address. Now we also need to pass a radio group to select the address. Right? So I'm going to bring uh okay I'm going to get that radio group R A D IO radio group from our UI and on the radio group uh we will also have a

[18:06:02]
deep and on the deep we can simply pass that addresses uh not like that should be addresses dot map we're going to go through the entire address so let's say going to be address and over here in the address we're going to just pass that another div so should be address right and what we're going to just simply passing that a key should be all you know those things we did all together several time so we can just simply pass this value I think that can uh save a lot of time for your development as you know right now you have access to the code so let's go it's going to be open the addit model and it going to also pass that radio item from the UI card And I think that would be fine. So what else? H Okay, there is some error. Okay, trash icon. We forgot to bring that. Let's go.

[18:07:00]
Let's go icon. This should be the trash to. Okay. So now as you can see what actually happening in the shipping address. Uh okay. At the shipping address. So this is the address which we are talking about. H why is not okay addresses if we have the address there are mapping to it that okay do one more parameter is that margin bottom is right there but still we're not happened to be get that gap margin bottom is not working. Okay, margin bottom is not working. H okay. It's because our this group should be below of okay

[18:08:03]
should be below of that. So okay I'm having some mistake somewhere. So this is the address right? So here the div going to be finish. So this is the div which certainly going to okay which going to be finishing the entire statement here. So this is this is the div which containing that addresses. So if we have the addresses and okay this going to be here. Yeah it's going to be independent. Yeah, that's why it's not getting it. So now what's actually happening? Uh, we are providing that a radio group button. If we have the multiple address and others, then we are mapping through the addresses according to the ID and also we're showcasing the radio uh group button where you can you know add multiple button here and you

[18:09:00]
know the map icon and others just for the design purposes showing the addresses, city and address and also we have that edit button. Right now it will do nothing also the delete button which can we deleted our address. So okay we address uh we will make another address let's say uh test root 20 and we're going to go with that add address so it going to be you see it's already added now you can go what we can do to make sure that whenever you're going to mapping through like pushing through that edit model going to open right so this both model which are going to be for the edit and add I'm going to just circulate here so both model can inject all together you Whenever you're going to click on that, it's going to just let's say um a street street at 32 and house 25. Okay. And we update the address. So it will automatically update. And if we have multiple address, let's say test two. And here again the same thing you

[18:10:03]
can see right now we have two addresses and that message is gone because we now need to select from the two. Okay. Also click on add address. it will automatically go popping up the data. Now there is the functionality which working perfectly. So we have the two model. So one model is just to go through indicating that add address parameter. So this is the add address whatever we did at the top. Then we have the is addedit model open. So here we are providing the added address street address and address. So all the data going to be coming in information from the input and also for the city for the country and for the others. And of course let me know in the comments if you want to go and exposure side by side because I have so many projects stacked in between and this is the biggest one so that I want to also conserve it as soon as possible because otherwise I cannot move through the other projects. So if you have any error, if you have have any problem or confusion to go and get it done by yourself, let me know in the comments because as I'm providing

[18:11:00]
the code so you may not have the problem but even though if you're having it let me know because you know right now what you can do you can get everything in the client app 3 all the code should be available right there. So right now we have the shipping address we have the all the details we have the payment information. So what is the balance? So the balance is that especially if we go directly within our checkout client page here. So the balance is that you see right now we got our uh like the order details right. So we need to work on that our order summary provision where we can just pass all the value to do the good things for us. So now in the all the summary uh in the summary value we will provide now this one I want to go in a very slow case because we have lot of other things to cover and put a put the class name here. So the class name should be LG and you know by default it will get one but better I'm going to keep it to let it know that we're just functioning on that. So now after that we're going to

[18:12:00]
also happen to grab a div and here we will pass an uh item here which going to be order summary. So I'm going to minimize that one so that you will see what actually is happening under the hood. So you can see the below layer which going to be for our auto summary and also we are needing to have some kind of style here. So that should be style for that div okay which going to be b white. You can use your theming white and also the rounded the theming white is that if I just go with that baby shop white. You see that's the theming white. So you can go also create those segment. Now after that H2 we're going to have a div here. In the div we're going to also have a another div because we have certain kind of commotion the span tag which going to be let's say subtotal right. So this going to be the subtotal value. After that we're going to also have that price for in the price formator we're going to provide the price. The amount should be let's say calculate uh it should be uh

[18:13:00]
calculate a subtotal right. So calculate subtotal there's a function just provided you can see that's the subtotal value if you add it all together 419 plus 25. So it will you will grab that this value here. So all the calculation you need to check one by one again because it might have some error but it's better if you can fix that. So space y should be four because some certain kind of tricks I'm keeping it so you people can tune it yourself. So class name should be flex item should be center justify should be between and then also we're going to make that padding y should be two. So this is the uh continuation over here for the span tag for the class name tag should be gray of let's say it going to be gray of uh I'm going to provide a 600 value here and also for that price formator we need to provide some of the price calculation here not the price calculation but some of the style here as you can see text uh text base from medium text grade of 900

[18:14:00]
so as we did that the other property going to be come align all together right so I'm going to just copy the other parameter. So after that div we should be happen to get two more divs which going to get our like say it going to be the shipping fee and the shipping fee which going to be coming the calculate shipping fee function as you can see you can also keep it here or you can move it for your directly in your ENB file or in your database layer. Now after that we also happen to get the tax which going to be also calculate the tax value and after that let's say if we have that calculate shipping right and the calculate shipping let's say is equal to zero like no shipping is allowed okay like no fee is just uh getting to be added then what we can do is that we can simply show it the message right then a p tag so we can just simply pass that particular divisioning message here which will say let's say it going to just pass uh okay

[18:15:01]
it going to just pass that that you are you are you are qualify for shipping as uh you can see we are not happen to because it's more than uh 100 or 1,000 whatever the ratio you are adding for your project it will work in the similar way to make it done in a proper ratio. So now this address is qualified for free shipping. Now after that we also going to be putting a separator. So should be separator and on that separator it's going to be providing that just a line here. So in the separator I'm going to provide a class name should be my should be four. So it going to proh sorry not py should be okay y is capital my should be four. Okay. Now after the separator we also going to have some more parameters. So now it going to happen to get the total value right. So whatever value we are having right now it going to get the total value. So the total value is

[18:16:01]
coming from adding the 445 and adding the tax value adding the shipping value if available then we are providing the other total parameter and after that after end of that structure we should be happen to get a button right and the button going to be taking a lot of things lot of parameter going to be so right right now I'm going to keep that let's say P with okay just a simple button now of course we need to redesign it to make it better. And here we will uh design it a pretty similar way. First of all the size. I want the button should be a larger button. And of course I'm going to provide some of the class name. I want the full width should be aligning together. Mering top should be six to make it down at the lower. And then I'm going to go with the BJ blue of 600. 600 and hover BJ or you can go I think batter is not go with the glue blue. So the BJ uh or the effect I think the

[18:17:03]
simple yeah I think the initial button design is okay. Okay so padding Y whatever is that so I'm going to go with that disabled parameter or font should be uh medium I think medium is by default right now. So we can just make that semi bold as the button is right here. And of course on see hubar okay text should be uh baby shop is sky and should be passing that effect. So uh okay. Oh no not my bishop white should be okay so it will be fully white you can see just a certain commotion going on so now after that once we are disabling that button I want to make it that let's say once disabled opacity should be 50 so it will be like if we just make that

[18:18:02]
uh disabled you can see the value it will not work so also you can check other parameter like to go and and do the other certain things and al when it going to be disabled it will be disabled uh if we have that let's say if we have the processing parameter running on and also if we have that is creating order is running on and also we having that uh if there is no select order select add selected uh yeah selected address so this three time if it doesn't have the address selected you can't pay if you're running the payment processing you um to do anything you can have if it's running is creating order it will also not work in a proper way. So now we are going to contradict with some kind of segment here style ratio and others. First of all, if we are having that processing, right? If we have processing, I want to pass something, right? Uh and if we have the let's say if we have the processing,

[18:19:00]
uh if we have the processing, then it going to be let's say I'm going to write now just see uh processing right and by default if also if it's getting that uh by default value it will be there. The default it will be let's say pay default will be pay with stripe. Right now it will be showing that pay with stripe. Now if we just put that null value it will show the processing parameter. So this actions we are actually triggering by default so that every time we are running any of the icon and others like if it's loading the loading instance is going to be seen. If it's just initializing the other, it will show other parameter as well. So now if we have that let's say okay why I think make a mistake okay I might have bought something which noting here okay circle okay done. So what's actually we're

[18:20:01]
doing we're passing if the order is on processing if the processing is actually working it will show processing if is creating order is open it will show creating order the message so you're going to have a proper view if we have no selected address it will just pass select address to continue and also the lock if we have a lock button and others that it will show the pay strip you see once you do that it's going to be working on make those things done now we need to provide the function Okay. So, I'm going to click on that or I can just make it here. It should be handle stripe checkout. So, let's go back to the stripe checkout. Right now, it's totally empty because we didn't create anything for that handle checkout segment. Handle stripe checkout should work as a dynamic function. Whenever I'm going to trigger that function, it going to directly come over here. As you can see right now, we doesn't have an API. is we need to create an API. So it going to hit

[18:21:01]
directly to the API and there should be also means a value we need to also provide a route here which you going to be a handle to create those setup. So I'm going to create another file which going to be coming as and let's say we're going to pro the name for that create uh create checkout. Okay. So that should be the function. So create checkout I think that would be or we can also make that session. It's up to you and also we need to get a file over here which going to be route.ts. Now this is the function. This is the file where all the magic going to happen. I'm going to comment it later on but first let's just finish uh covering whatever the mandatory here to just go by and put everything is required as much as possible. We're going to just keep the value here. Now the first thing first we will check some of the portion right. So we're going to just go directly on there. As you can see at the top we have something called order right which we are setting right here. So this is the

[18:22:00]
set processing and also the order. And now whenever we are just landing here you can see within that initial checkout we are setting everything as an order directory. So first of all let's see if we can grab the order here. So let's go down here. I know it looks messy but that would be fine. So if we just log here and we're going to see if we see any order available here. order and I will just go in my console and over here let's just whenever we're going to click you can see our entire order structure the shipping address items everything is right there so now we will write a condition okay so there the condition it going to be if so first one is that if no order right so if there is no order available we will directly return from that function means it will not trigger now I can click here because as you can see if it's no order it will automatically return it will not do any kind of action as it going to be like similar as in disabled property. Now after that order parameter we're going

[18:23:00]
to go on uh like another route parameter if like the order is available right everything is good to go. If there is no selected address then we're going to also provide something which going to let's say toast error which going to be let's say please select a shipping address and then it going to return. So this is just a simple scope not a global scope just an individual scope parameter and if we are having like if we are having the addresses if we go here as you can see we have one we should be there is one address so that error it's not be there right now if we just keep now check right there if we just put that you can see select a shipping address so means it's working perfectly now what you're going to do after whenever you're going to happen happen to have the address you're going make that set uh not like that set processing should be as true. Okay. Now over here we're going to create a try catch parameter. Okay. In the catch parameter of course we're going to catch the error

[18:24:00]
and other property and it will go on on and on. So first of all we're going to go catch property and other for right now I'm going to just provide the error. So log let's say going to be stripe payment error and we're going to just provide the error. Okay. Now in the try value we will do some of the things list a final order. Okay. Final order and that order going to be is equal to order either you can manage that the order is uh so because we need to make an a temporary order to be calculated in a proper fragment. Right? What we're going to do like if we're going to just make that if this is a temporary order which going to be let's say from card which is happening then we're going to create it it going to create uh the actual order first. Okay. So that's going to be the maturity of there. So we're going to just check if the order dot id. So order do ID and that ID is

[18:25:02]
going to say it going to be as a temporary order. that time it going to go take it as an a temporary order. It should be underscore id. Uh okay. So in the temporary order this is sit uh set is creating order which going to be as true because it going to create the order and after that uh cost should be the order items. So order items and the items going to be let's say card items with quantities and then we're going to go and map through it. So map and from there we're going to take everything as an item and within the function uh not like that within the function layer we're going to wrap everything. So like that. Now here we're going to provide some of the variation. First of all we're going to just make a simple connotation here. We're going to give in the ID. The ID should be the product ID. Name should be the product name. Price should be the item. Quantity should be item dotquantity. Image should be item

[18:26:00]
product image. So now this is a product variation which will happen to be grabbed that if that is an quantity parameter and also we're going to make that as a response. So the response should be uh response should be is equal to await that should be create uh should be crit order from card and here we're going to pass everything. We're going to pass the out token. So we're going to pass the out token. We're going to pass the order items, the items which we just now tackle and also we're going to pass that selected address. Now within that three value parameter if we go okay we doesn't have the out token y. So the out token you can also make the null check or you can just simply say add a string that's the same connotation over here it going to pass. Okay. So right now why the selected address if there is no selected address we are returning. So that should

[18:27:00]
be okay it should be there you can say anyway we can pass that no the selected address it would be there now we also you can see we're getting a response which going to be creating order from the card this is the one which going to be making that for/orders and it will do all other tricks which going to create the order. Now over here what you're going to pass that if there is the response is that uh if the response is not coming like say response dot let's say it's not success okay and also response is order so means the uh no order is there so in the response no order there in the response also the no success there means we are failing to create that and then it going to provide that response and other error okay so now this is the order for the particular parameter here and also it's going going to be making that after this uh conotation it's going to also pass that final order which going to be response order and set order should be the final order you can make the clearcut you can also make that is creating order as

[18:28:01]
false this could only happen if we have the temporary order right but right now we doesn't have a temporary order we're in the curve this could be like whenever you like providing the order from the cur and then coming by this is a two simple scenario having a two separate with a contradiction. Now we're going to go for that let's say stripe payment stripe payment and here we're going to also first thing we're going to make that a convert order items to for the stripe payment because it's the note same format is coming here and to do that we're going to simply make that let's say stripe and that should be the items which going to be we're going to pass that stripe uh I think uh does it uh we doesn't have that does he have that M stripe ste okay stripe there is there is that one so I think we are already happen that at the

[18:29:01]
top yeah so it's coming from the le stripe yeah name description amount currency quantity images so this fine this is working perfectly fine so now let's go and we're going to provide that uh visual visualization here so from the strip uh from the item here because that item going to be as an array of items item. So the stripe item can be an array of item and that item should be is equal to let's say the final item final order item which you're getting that should be that items dot map and from there we're going to take everything as an item and from the item the similar uh conception it going to have within the function we're going to just return in between and here we're going to define whatever the parameter we want to pass it by. We're going to just dstructure the name which going to be item.name name the description it's going to be for the we're going to put the quantity on the description as just two passing by and also amount going to be as the scent parameter because whatever the price is

[18:30:01]
there then we're going to multiply into 100 and then currency USD quantity item dot quantity and then images item dot image actually why uh we are passing that quantity I think this one not suit on that item dot should be description we have description uh description should go like that, right? It's it's a misconception. So, description should be string. Yeah, that should be okay. So, item description. Uh, so the stripe items, it doesn't have the description really. Okay, we're going to see maybe we're not passing the description for there. Okay. Now, this is our stripe items which we're going to pass directly to make the payment. So, what we're going to do first of all, we're going to create the checkout session. So, create the checkout session. We're going to make that cons response and the response we're going to shoot out. We're going to make that an await which going to be we will fetch directly and the fetch going to be coming from for/ API for/create checkout

[18:31:00]
session. Okay. So there uh we're going to fetch directly and from there we're going to make the method. The method going to be as a post method and header should be the uh let's say it should be the content.json uh sorry it should be the content type application.json JSON and this is going to be a post request. Make sure this line the create checkout session should be properly aligned with that. If there is a miss mispelling here or you are missing some case you will find a very very legit error and which going to be make some confusion. Now in the body we're going to pass everything. So in the body should be coming we need to make that JSON dot stringify and on that stringify method within the stringify pro not this uh no need to make that like that on the string stringify stringify we're going to provide that item should be the stripe item so whatever the items we're providing and the customer let's say customer email uh email should be of the user email if

[18:32:02]
there is no of the user email it should be as an empty and we also also going to provide some of that other segment which going to be success URL and then we also going to be providing that uh okay that there is two so the success URL should be windowloation origin and then it going to go directly for/success we doesn't have a success page right now does we have it no we doesn't have that so we will create a success page to host that one later on and also if there is a cancel parameter it going to go directly on the single order parameter because it's already the order is placed something like that and the metadata going to be the final order ID and shopping address also going to be the selected address. So first of all after passing the data right this is the response we got entirely and after the response we're going to also grab the URL from the response right and there should be a wait now right now we're going to not get I'm going to just make that let's say uh I'm going to just simply log that the log should be uh

[18:33:01]
let's say response and here we're going to simply pass the response right so now this is the place where we need to tuning up and of course uh in in the meantime while it's just uh because later on what we are actually going to do is that if we are having the response directly I'm going to just provide that okay should be yeah I'm going to just make it comment here because we're going to individually put that later on so now let's go back to our uh route here because that's the one that's the place where all the magic going to be happen right so first of all we're going to make that let's say uh I'm going to need I'm going to needing a two separate import and that import going be coming from next and that should be coming from the server right next uh server and from the next server it going to coming that next request and also that next response these two request I need and also I need to import that stripe and that stripe going to be coming from stripe okay so

[18:34:02]
now overall we can just pass that stripe value should be is equal to new stripe and here we need to pass the key and that key going to be providing an API version. Of course, this manual version will not work. If you just put comma, it going to suggest whatever the available version right now. So, this is the stripe secret you need to have in your file. And also we will make a simple interface which going to be passing that as a checkout item which going to be name as a string, description as a string, amount is number, currency is a string, quantity number and images should be as an array of images. Right now as we have everything so we will declare our function here which going to handle our route should be explode as sync and that should be simply a function of function and we're going to name the function as a post because it going to be coming as a post request and should be coming as a next request here and from there we're going to simply

[18:35:01]
define that. So whenever we're going to get that we're going to also use the try catch in the catch we're going to provide all the error property here. So whatever the error we are getting we're simply going to passing within the cache property like it going to be passing that console error we're going to log in console and also in the response we're going to pass that which going to be a status 500 fail to create checkout session now on that try value property first of all I'm going to just simply make that one let's say uh con I'm going to simply uh whatever value we are passing metadata and others which going to be await request uh not request Yeah. So whatever the request we are passing right now we're passing that item success URL cancel URL customer email method right we are passing everything and also I'm going to log everything here which going to be passing that item. So there should be the items and the success URL, cancel URL. Let's log everything just to see. And customer email uh not like that

[18:36:02]
should be customer email. Customer email metadata. So okay, what's wrong here? Uh okay, this is going to be like that. So customer email metadata and before passing that also I need to return a response otherwise it going to be collapsed. So next response and that should be coming for that let's say next response dot JSON and from there I'm going to just provide uh JSON and here we're going to simply pass that let's say uh success which going to be as true. So this the message going to be aligned on that. So let's open our client here and as well as open our uh browser here so that we will generally can see what's happening. So I'm going to just click on that. Okay. So whenever I'm going to clicking uh did I receive anything especially in the client? No nothing popping up. So

[18:37:01]
what's wrong? Did it connected on that? Okay. No. Uh oh. Please select a shipping address. Okay. Let's go back here. I think we are missing a the selected address. Okay, I need to provide the null check remember we just manipulate that one before. So if we click right now as you can see in our stripe over here so you're going to have everything and uh the details going to be coming through and a pretty so much you can see the item we're having two items here. We have the like the checkout route for the cancel route as well. we have the address and also the other parameter and as well as I think uh both uh okay that should be if we click again because it's disappear so the response is coming here which is success okay 200 and as you can see the processing is going on because we didn't make it disabled later on because if we go directly in our check out segment here you see after that we can also make

[18:38:00]
that as a finally tab so finally and here we can make that set processing which can be not like that set processing which can be as false. Okay. So now if we just click here and if uh the request is getting success it will close by itself. So you see that's done that's like it. So now as we are having all the mechanism here so from the route we need to do lot of other parameter what kind of parameter we are talking about. Remember we are passing all the items in the request.json right but we cannot directly pass that. So what we need to do we need to make that one in a significant way. I think this is fine. Yeah significant way that we need to go to create the line item. So create line items for step check out and that would be the situation to go and create the line item and the line item going to get from the item and each item we are going to set a price data. The currency going to be USD and the product data should be

[18:39:00]
the item name, item description and the image is going to be the array of images. So that you need to make sure and also the unit amount should be the item amount also the quantity should be the item dot quantity. So this is the line item which we can directly pass to our stripe. Then we have the create the checkout session which we need to do that. So the con should be the session and the session should be await and that going to be coming from that stripe. So should be stripe dot checkout and from there dot sessions. So that there could be multiple sessions and dot we will create the session in the function we're going to just go and pre that. Now we need to pass a several mechanism the payment type going to be card and other parameter and also we will make sure that you see the line items we need to provide. So the line items going to be that line items which are happening mode going to be payment mode and success URL should be passing

[18:40:01]
that the success URL which you are coming back the customer the cancel URL should be the cancel customer email should be the customer email and metadata if there is metadata it's okay otherwise going to be zero and also the billing address collection we're going to provide it as auto okay so now if we do pass that we will get a session right and in the next response we're going to pass that session instead of the true uh we can pass the success true and as well as we can also pass that as a session id which going to be session do ID now if we are going through that particular instances to go and inspect all the variable over here in the console if we click right now to grab the data here we should be able to see and response here which going to be coming as a payment we have an URL which going to be the checkout segment here or other property but this This is not what we are looking about because our response trigger we are not taking it properly that's why we are receiving that we need to make that

[18:41:00]
response dot JSON so that we can actually grab the actual value. So now if we click here we should be get getting that okay and we need to make that promise should be coming and await promise because it will take a time to fulfill the request. So if we click right now you see success is true. We're getting the session ID right. So this is the way we can manipulate to go by and make the session ID but we are not looking forward to have the session ID because right now as the session ID which going to be working for the previous segment the way it's the previous route where you need to go to have that publishable key and others to make the payment intention but as we are now providing that within the API we are no longer of happen to be grab that session ID. So what we going to pass that remember whenever uh those things is coming by we also going to be let's say uh we're going to log the session whatever the session is providing. So let's say uh session and here we will

[18:42:02]
make that session dot URL. I think there is an URL. So if we just cover up here if we click right now we should be able to see you see that URL. If we just click on that URL if we open it directly we should be happen to be grabbed. See okay this is our details here. So if we just make this one uh let's say bigger we can see two items we can see the order details and we can see the payment mechanism. So now this is the URL which we need to handle properly to initialize all the value and others. So what we are going to do is that right now instead of the session we're going to pass that URL and that should be the URL of the session dot URL. So URL. So we can just simply remove that session ID and remember we already construct those value here. So if we just remove those here should be passing by the con URL should be await.json if URL wind.location.h

[18:43:00]
should be URL. Now we can directly passing by if you go in the pay with stripe and here as you can see we can now make that 442 and of course we can make a payment here 1 2 35 and 1 2 3 now we can go and make the payment now after making the payment the payment it will be done but we doesn't have a success page to contradict with it so we will get a 404 right so right now what we need to do to create a success page So we will go and make that setup to be done. To implement that one, I'm going to go in my root layer. So that should be shop and here we're going to take a route uh shop and page t uh not shop should be success.tsx. So rafce that should be let's say success page. And here we will make that let's say uh I'm going to go in the pages and I'm going to take another page uh should be

[18:44:02]
success page client tsx orce. So that should be our success page. Okay. And over here instead of this one as the success page going to be an a client site we can simply pass that success page client. So now you can see our page is right here. Now this is the time what we are actually uh inducing here. We can now directly pass the value here. Now in the success page we can do a lot of variation and whenever we are also handling now especially if we go in our admin we can see if anything is happening. So cd into admin npmi oh sorry npmi I think I need to reinstall everything. Okay, I'll just open that our admin. So our admin is running. What I did that John I make it the privilege for the admin. So now simply we can just

[18:45:00]
login it is account as an admin. And now in the users we can find all of the users in the orders we can find the all orders par value according to the users. So right now those segment need to be a part to like combine it all together. So we can do it as soon as possible. So as you can see this contradiction whenever the order is payment you know the in success page is coming now you can design the success page at is as it is and now also instead of that baby shop now right now uh if you are using this again so better you can go with that baby mark. com which is the latest application layer which is having a much more complication here because in the sign in you can find a lot of other you can see the oath those things all are working we're going to just make it work in a perfect and good module and there is the one thing uh as you can see you can now roll back to the success your order is saving in the admin so there is the basic structure what you need to more engaging on that like what's the

[18:46:01]
more you need to learn of that is that uh especially if you see in the next ch there We have the vulnerabilities which is just recently added to we need to upgrade our entire application to that segment. So what I recommend you you better to upgrade that next as 19.1.2 uh sorry the the react should be 192.1 and the next should be that 16.0.7 just to go find out that vulnerabilities issues. So you need to go and make this things to work. So what you can do is that especially for like right now I'm going to close my client here. You can go uh like and you can also make it manual. So you can go 16 let's say.0.7 and also for the react should be 19.2.1 just to passing that vulnerabilities case. So also the dome need to be updated. So this is the segment you can do and after doing so you just need to remove that package.log.json file and here we are now within the client. So we can just remove that and npmi. So automatically it going to

[18:47:02]
reinstall all of the setup and this is happen because especially if you go to the uh react.dev and over in their blog here. So in the blog there you can see the critical security vulnerability is happening. So to go out that you need to update that one and also for the nextjs.org similar you can roll back to the blog and here the advisory the same thing is advised here to update as latest as possible. This is the one. So right now if you go over here and I'm going to just check one. Okay. So if I find one uh let's say find that uh react. Okay. So I'm going to go with the exact match here. So set. Okay. Too much react here. Uh okay. Um uh React 19. Uh okay maybe next. Yeah you can see 16 uh 0.7 and 19.2.1. So both are invalid. So now especially if

[18:48:01]
we run that npm runde let's see if our client is running or not if it's running means we are in good shape okay let's see yeah it's good to go so now this is the all enter segment here right now because uh this video is getting a much more lengthy because as you can see we provide the client admin and the others so what I'm going to do I'm going to create and supported repo you already have that repo which you're going to get every code on that particular repo instances which is going to be available able client F4 but aside apart from that there should be another repo should be added in the description where you can get the all other code and all other parameter related to that baby mark and you can start with that and if still if you're looking forward to start like that from the default you can also uh and enter video I'm going to compress and pass that all together hope you can do that so all the very best and I'm going to see you in another Thank you.
